place: Bến Ninh Kiều
    review:
        Hong Nguyen: Coming to the Mekong Delta without stopping at Ninh Kieu wharf would probably be a mistake.
                The feeling of sailing on the vast river really makes us satisfied.  Beautiful scenery, delicious food, and many convenient services available at reasonable prices.  Come here and feel it your way.
                Highly recommended!
        Arun Jayaprakash: Visited the marina to take a boat on our way to the Cai Rang Floating Market. The place is neat and well maintained, with beautiful gardens, plants and trees, and is a nice place to spend time with a view of the river.
        Hà Việt Thắng: It’s new year so there are so much lights. Very cool, very demure
        Ko Koo: The floating market tour was okay... not really impressive.
                If you don't have time in Cần Thơ, you can easily pass on this tour. Typical tourist trap.

                The fruit sellers will come to you and try to sell it. If you don't like this kind of vibe, it's not for you....

                If you have time to kill and wouldn't mind to go around the river for 2 hours, go for it.
        Tomas Hendrych: Be sure what you expect. There is almost no floating market any more, there are tourist floating souvenir market. We paid for private boat, had to wait 30 minutes abd finaly ended with 10 other tourist.
        Natalia T: We rented a small boat for two people at 400,000 VND, which I found to be a reasonable price. Larger boats cost 100,000 VND per person and carry up to 20 people, but I don’t think they’re worth it. To get a good deal, arrive at the port by 4:50 AM. The trip to Cai Rang floating market takes about 50 minutes by boat. Well, if you come to Can Tho you should definitely try it but please do not overpay for it.

                Cai Rang, however, feels overhyped. It’s not the bustling market with hundreds of small boats as often depicted. Instead, it’s mostly tourist barges with just a few local boats, and there’s little genuine commerce happening. You’ll find one boat selling coffee, another offering noodles, and a couple of floating restaurants. We stopped at a staged rice paper factory and at the shops aimed at selling souvenirs. Unfortunately, the water is also heavily polluted with garbage, which takes away from the experience.
        David Henderson: A nice area to walk through, but kind of a bummer being constantly accosted by people trying to sell you boat tickets.

                FYI don't buy from any of them.

                Visited during my 2024 bicycle trip around SE Asia. Watch on YouTube: @VeloObscura
        J C: The highlight of this warfare was supposed to be the boat dining experience. Sadly, the ride was short of good, and the food was mediocre at best.

                Boat ride: With the expectation of a moving boat accompanying sights and views of the river, you only get about 5 minutes of the boat going. Then the boat makes a slow rotation and your headed back to base.

                Music on the boat was ok. Was not the best as it only included traditional music.

                Food: Orders of food was pricey. Even the sodas were pricey. The best deal you would get is ordering one of the hotpot. Anything else, don't say you weren't warned. But, to be fare, it's a tourist attraction. So pricey food is expected.

                Overall, this boat dinner affair isn't good. Many things can be improved. Many things can be possible, should the owners want it better to represent Vietnam.
        C CLARENCE: Fun place to visit lot's of nice restaurant's and Bar's around. The floating market isn't much existing as I expected. Looks like it doesn't active as it used to be. But anyway you can experience what it's looks like Vietnamese culture
        Nguyen Thanh Tam: Touristic site with lots of restaurants, buildings and shops, so not spacious enough for those who like walking.
                This is also a boat dock to visit the floating markets and the island so many vendors will come to offer the services as you walk by but they are polite, not try to stop or scare you. Totally understand why they have to do this, COVID time and very few guests.
        Eric Christophe: Great place with garden, as a ship docking there local authorities are not very complaisant or helpful, for our guests to embark the Sampan. Can tho is a busy town with its floating market CAI RANG therefore it can be very noisy for the guests sleeping and karaoke going on late at night.
        Dr. Stephen Bui: Really nice place to walk by the pier with lots of restaurants and coffee shops. The place is beautiful and made to accommodate pedestrians. Lots of restaurants on the river as well. You would have a wonderful time there for dinner and after.
        Darren Bird: I truly love this place. Day or night it is spectacular. A wonderful open place for walking. All sorts of food for sale. And a bridge for lovers. Young or old you will be enamored by this place. 5 stars.
        Thu Lưu: I went on Saturday, the led lights are turned off, so, I can not see many things in there.
                I came in October during flood season, so the streets are drowned.
                I came back Nink Kieu wharf at the next morning, I can photo some pictures there.
                That's an experience bad.
        Olivine Thuy Phan: So nice, the atmosphere so nice in the morning, location veru friendly
        Jeff Byron: Quick little ferry to get across the river. Costs  4000 per person for a return trip.
        Tu Nguyen: Pure Air with view, you can see Can Tho River, Hau River. You also can see Can Tho Bridge. Clean and many people visit there in the evening. But sometimes Some people ask you want to go Cai Rang Floating Market by their boats, I thought that it is too dangerous although I want to help them because they are poor. This is a good place for having a walk.
        Hoàng Yến Phùng: "Ninh Kieu Wharf" is one of the most famous symbols of Can Tho City and is also a cultural symbol of the Southwest region. The  floated market usually begins at dawn, which is very bustling and crowded. They mainly sell fruits for the traders as well as many products like a normal market. It has attracted many domectic and foreign tourists come to enjoy the feeling of traveling on the river. There are some ships for rent to take you around the river to take part in the lively atmosphere of Ninh Kieu Wharf. 💜
        Dan Nguyen: The city improved this place quite a bit.  I love how you take a long walk along the river.  It is dimly lit in some area,  but brighly lit in the tourist area.  There are several boats serving dinner cruise at night.  You can order food,  and they add $.50 or 10,000 dong for the cruise.  I don't like the loud music and the crowd.  I come before the cruise and eat on the boat, and get off the boat before the cruise.  You can hire a boat to take you on the opposite side of the river, to enjoy the extremly long promenade,  a good place to practice a marathon or ride your bike.
        To Nhu Tran: Welcome to Can Tho (my hometown) 🥰
                        Proud of was born and grown up at here!
                        Wish you have a great vacation/business trip! …
        Eric Dương: Nice and cool place at night. Maybe not so clean. There are many small boats on the quay. Rental price is just 10usd per hour sailing around the Mekong river in Can Tho
        Loc Van Truong: Night walking street with variety foods and drink. Resonable price. With night market at the end, variable clothing and toy choices for adults and kids.
        Anh Chau: Very clean area and fresh air. Good for morning jogging
        Максим Ивонин: A beautiful park with a promenade along the Mekong River, there are very few tourists, not far from the park in 5 minutes walk there is a large local market with cheap prices
        HAZIZIE SIDEK: Beautiful View. Clean and nice walkway. Such a relaxing and good memories take photo with friends and family.
        Huongt Minh: Very famous place in Mekong Delta is Bến Ninh Kiều, located in the center of Can Tho city, Ninh Kieu district, very easy for you to find this place. You'll see Ben Ninh Kieu very dynamic in the evening, there are many food and souvenirs kiosks. Many diversified food for you to try. Beside that, you can also have many beautiful photos in the Ninh Kieu walked bridge.
        Vũ Thị Kim Chi: Not bad. They have night market here
                And in the morning, from the left side. I can take a walk and discover some foood vegetables in the market
        Bill Lovett: I and my wife visited in an early Saturday evening. Lots of people about. Nice vibe, great futuristic  lights. Just lovely.
        Ben Quintana: Open bridge across the water. Relaxing walk and nice views plus it is free to just hangout. A few restaurants around so it is a good spot to stop before or after eating.
        Lan Anh Nguyễn: This is a place for relaxation at the weekend. You can bring your children, go skating, take a walk around the Ninh Kiều harbor. There are cruises for tourists. You can book tickets first. You can go sightseeing on the cruise and enjoy the nightlife. Along the river, there are a bunch of coffee shop where you have a cup of black coffee or cold beer. If you're hungry you can wander around and find many street food venders at the food market.
        Volkan Sakarya: Try to use known agencies on Marina Road. Some scammed people can approach you to sell Mekong boat tour and show their boat. Please don't take into consideration their offer even cheaper than official tour agencies.
        Letícia Usanovich: Great evening vibe by the river. Also great street food market in the area. You can book tours to the floating market at the pier.
        Richard jackson: Nice restaurant, has a better than average drinks list, nice service and views of the boats chuggingup an down the river. Friendly staff. 100k vnd for a glass of Dalat white wine.
        Mr. RA THA: Nice hotel and nice pace to visit it. It is located in Can Tho city, Mekong Delta. This is a new city in the Mekong and attracting many tourists come stay at the hotel and visit it. Close to the hotel is a Walking Bridge
        Dazai Au: The park is green and clean, it is great to have a walk here in the morning and watch boats.
        Can Pham: Coming to Can Tho city, this beautiful place is great to see in the evening.
        VAN DEO NGUYEN: the beautiful park beside the river, most of visitor are walking along side of park and walking bridge (Can Tho's Love Bridge). But if you wanna see the whole park with light and reflection, you can take a boat to Fishing Village to see the park from other side of river
        Nguyen Duc Nguyen: Clean water and fresh air morning and night. Just wonderful!
        vu nghi nguyen: Beautiful place to visit...be mindful when crossing the road.
        Robert Chase: Beautiful at night. Great views. Great place to bring the family at night.
        Son Nguyen Van Thanh: Beautiful park, too crowded at the weekend.
        Ryan Shady: Nice and happening place. You can get from street food to gourmet just by walking along the street. You can also get souvenirs or clothing at the night market, but remember to bargain. This is what Ben Thanh market and Bach Dang wharf of Sai Gon used to look and fell like 10-15 years ago
        Anh Nhi Ta: Having a cup of hot tea and enjoying night scene from the high is recommended [at the hotel - but cannot remember the name, but it is opposite to the floating restaurant area). The price is not as expensive as I expected (~1.5-2USD/ cup of tea/ coffee).
        Linh Clark: Crowded and not much to see.
        Trung Nguyen: It was a nice experience. The food were good but very expressive.
        Miroslav Lazic (Miki): Central spot of Can Tho city. Nice walking area, well illuminated and clean.
        Jack lee Sức sống mới: A fun place to hang out with many activities, upstairs has billiards and archery and a very nice atmosphere, lots of choice for food and drinks! :))
        Michael Golden: We had a good lunch here while touring the water ways of this area. We also visited the area by day and night. It is a good place to step of to the night market or just walk around.
        Brian Collyer: Thoroughly recommend a long evening walk here. Great atmosphere, safe and convenient
        טל לוריא: Colorfuly lit , gentle brease . A Verity of people walking talking and enjoying the weather. We sat to eat near by to enjoy the color show of sunset
        denise brooks: Interesting place to soak in Vietnamese local tourism on the water.
        Benny T W Wong: Peaceful and clean park with lots of park benches. Good river view to watch boats go by.
        francis dureza sablon: Can Tho City's South of Vietnam must visit place
        Rob Deleurme: It's the main tourist area of cantho, boat rides and plenty of shopping and during the holiday time a beautiful collection of of flowers and culture type displays and activities.
        Trần: Cool atmosphere, except for the rat, it tries to eat my bottom, but everything else is fine.
        Ho Ngoc Tin: So colorful at night. Crowded. Nice place!
        James O Mahony: Nice litre oasis with an impressive statue of Ho Chi Minh. A nicely tended garden and a pedestrian bridge
        Thanh Cao: Well come to Vietnam my lovely home town guys
        tchongi nguyen: A walking alley for night sightseeing in Cần Thơ, nothing unforgettable unfortunately
        Khairul Hazrin Hashim: Nice scenary at dawn and dusk.. nice place to chill out
        lê đình thiện: Ok
        Vuong Nguyen An: A place to visit at night. Amazing!
        Joseph Sullivan: Expect to spend about 3 hours in the floating market, and we arrived around 5 am. The smaller boats will approach you mostly with fresh fruits. Sometimes they will have hot coffee, tea, or bun boa. Always break one open to verify the meat was cooked through.

                There’s some larger boats that you can board with mini markets. Other larger boats will line the shores and may have restrooms and a small dining area.

                For the best experience, doc at one of the tourist ports for hot food and restrooms. The floating market is a great experience.
        Erica Bailey: Great gardens well maintained.
                Lots of shade as we walked up to Lovers Bridge.
                Well worth a visit on the vast river in Can Tho.
        J DN: An enjoyable walk by the river.

                Higmmend early morning and late and night.
        Lian Chengyuan: Decent walk to experience how the locals chill. (the locals really love to karaoke, ha). The street food is interesting, esp if you take your time to look first.

                Went later at night, so unable to take those boat rides. On second time, maybe it's a blessing in disguise. Not that they are bad, just that, they look and feel like just another boat ride.
        Kenny G: One of the most fantastic 2-3 km walks in all of Vietnam. Whether at dawn or dusk, it never gets old and there's a lot of nice sights along the path. Do come at night when everything is lit up beautifully. Great town and this is one of the highlights.
        Ai Fu CHIN: Visit day and evening for different scenery.
        Kevin H. Nguyen: Great place and love the night market...
        Douglas Page: Interesting to see how daily life is for locals..
        Sujita Balami: Very good place to go and hang out with friends. Or couples can also enjoy in this peaceful place.
        M. HBart: Nice wharf but COVID-19 remnants are visible. We visited toward the end of raining season, hence there were not many foreign tourists. Businesses are trying to open back up slowly while others are still closed or went out of business.
                Visitors can take boat tours to the floating market to watch local traders go about their business daily or to visit local fish 🐟 farm.
        Quỳnh Mai Lê Thị: Ok
        Jeff Teh: Good to hangout at night in Can Tho
        Aaron d: Lovely park . Enjoy a pleasant walk along the river and a great newish bridge festooned with lights. Very.popular with Vietnamese locals and tourists taking a stroll or relaxing on the many benches. Great for taking selfies and holiday photos.
        Trung Nguyen Viet: Nothing special abt this place. There is long park along the wharf, make it nice to walk. There's a restaurant & coffee boat docking at the Wharf where u can enjoy some food & drink by the river.
        Bach Nguyen: Peaceful and beautiful. Should come here
        Thành Phạm: Great!
        Shark Hunter: A good place to visit to see the floating markets. My advice is go with a local and hire your own boat. Its a great place to see real Can Tho life. The ladies who sell their food are generally happy to see foreigners and will smile if you are friendly.
        Khang Thanh Dương: Such a nice place to walk and enjoy peaceful landscape of Can Tho province.
        fc looi: Room seems to be recently refurbished but the toilet is a let down. Poor water pressure and the shower is broken. Ask about the room if it's close to their karaoke. The room I had was close  and the karaoke was blasting away during the day. Luckily it was quiet the night I was there. It's close to a shopping centre and waterfront.
        Andrew Dinh: It's a fun place to walk around and chow down on snack food.  There is a little night market inside that you can browse around.   There were a couple floating restaurants that I could see.  There are souvenir shops inside.   It costs 40,000 Dong a car to park in their parking area.
        Harry Nguyen: Prime spot for tourists and local to hang out. Lots of restaurants, cafes, food stalls, and shops. You can take a dinner/Vietnamese music show boat tour to see the town from the river, or you can take a mini sampan boat tour from one of the piers from the local people. They usually charge 50k VND/person/hour. The sampan can accommodate up to 6 guests, but to be comfortable, 4 is max.
        Ngoc Quang Dang: Joyous promenade in Mekong delta
        Marcel Cybon: It is not relaxing for a stroll as you are bothered constantly by very pushy touts. Not worth to come to stroll around. Other areas of town with less tourists and touts are much better.
        Jean Pierre Jacobs: Visiting the market on the Mekong Delta river.
        Ngocminh Doan: Beautiful scenery. They ban vehicle traffic every Saturday night and holds event there, highly recommend visiting on Saturday nights.
        Henrik Snellman: Pretty nice riverside park
        vinh tran: Nothing special.
        Lars: Not much to see. Mainly an promenade by the riverside
        Hang Nguyen: I think Ninh Kieu Pier is a long-lasting and attractive tourist site in Can Tho with poetic landscapes and favorable position near Hau River. This is a attractive symbol of Can Tho that I really love to come every time I visit this city. It has beautiful views with comfortable atmosphere and the wind from Hau river. The decoration is nice. If you finish the road along Hau river side you will pass by Victoria Hotel. It is a long walking but worth to do.
        MinhBao Bui: Can i help u. If u don't want to be out of money
        Jacopo: This riverside walk is barely pleasent. Vietnam clearly loves these trash led lights and place them everywhere making me feel quite unconfortable. The bridge at the end of the shack is the major example.
        Tue Nguyen Phuoc: Great for a walk and enjoy life of the locals around. Get even further down to a market for tourist to discover more local specialities.
                Beware of guys who try to pursuade you to buy erotic massage services. It is illegal. Only go ahead if you are with a local who knows all tricks around.
        Sophie Hunt: As a tourist interest spot, I'd recommend finding your way to the statue. It's a large statue of ho chi Minh and the area is well kept, very nice walk along the quay.
        Vira Glushchenko: Good place for evening walk
        DiemThuy Huynh: Food not nice and the price quite expensive.
        Khánh Thi Đặng: Colorful place. Worth to take a trip.
        Tran May: So noisy n crowded on weeken. So great view at Ninh Kieu river. Night market around there. You can loooking everything you want.
        Hans van Rijsewijk: Very nice hotel, clean spacious rooms. Nicely located near the old district (Just 5 mins walk)
        Viet Nam Tube: So beautiful at night.
        Louis Pham: Good place for walking
        Jane Fahlman: A nice little park to find some shade and a cool breeze. As with many vietnamese parks, wifi is free and readily available.
        Diana U: Love it. Love it. Beautiful place to rest and relax and enjoy the scene. But not at the weekend. Too many people there. It was too crowded. Go there weekdays to hangout.
        Gavin Brown: Nice tourist attraction.
                Well frequented by the locals as well.
                Best to go at night to see all the pretty lights
        C S: Very busy vietnamese market street. The food is amazing. If you are in Cần Thơ you should definitely go there in the evening.
        Riki Hiagari: Love it
        Khanh Tuan TRAN: Nice park
        Vinh Tran: Pretty great place to go for a walk near the night market! My parents says it reminds them of their childhood !
        Thập Tam Hắc: Good place for a walk at night ịn Can Tho. Parking cost 10k for motorcycle
        Thang Tran: Beautiful park. The place is near the Can Tho river with many boats. Tourists can ask the tour guide a tour with boats.
        Lê MiNh Tâm: Ok
        Joshua Fitzpatrick: It's pretty to walk along the riverside here, and it's quite lively at night time
        Hyungnyoon Yoo: Bến Ninh Kiều ( Ninh Kieu Pier / Wharf )  ;

                Ninh Kieu Pier is situated on the right bank of Hau River, between the junction of Hau River and Can Tho River. This pier is adjacent to Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward in Ninh Kieu District of Can Tho City.
        Tris R (BrokeBritinParis): Nice Park by the side of the river, surrounded by local businesses. You may get touted for a boat tour but they take no for an answer.
        Duong Rinoa: Long time i didn't go to this place and It's quite crowded now! Lovers, friends moreover, I saw a lot of people catching pokemon go
        Asher de Silva: A great place to just relax and enjoy the evening or take a quiet stroll down the lit up streets and walkways. Plenty of street food, bars and coffee shops to chose from.
        Dam Tran Thanh: This place is one of the must-to-go in CT. Located in the center of the city and along a river. Nice place!
        Ric: Cozy place at night, great for a walk and next to a walking street. Several restaurants and caphes aroung
        Kelsey: Gorgeous place! Recommend a visit
        Rhys SmeathThomas: Quite busy at night, especially with the night markets nearby.
        Karis Phuong Do: Nice place to walk with friends or someone special, especially in the twilight. See the river, see the people, and taste the food.
        Vinnie Food & Travel Vietnam: Great place to walk with your half
        Long Phan: Good light at night
        TÂM VĂN LÊ: Great place, and where you can buy boat ticket to floating market, or you exercise in the morning.
        Xuan Tran: The heart city of Mekong delta
        于腾飞: Very nice place!
        skud pick: Great, everyone is soo friendly😍 …
        Duy Pham: Ok
        Phạm Loan: Ok
        Loc Le: A must visit place in can tho VN. Very fun at night. Has many restaurants, street food, and night market
        David Sinclair: Surprisingly attractive riverside. Recently renovated and a real promenade in the evenings. Go and watch the world go by.
        T. Đạt Phan (MD): Beautiful landscape with romantic river, fresh park and great nearby street cuisine! 4 stars
        Joe N: Fun place to stroll or border one of the floating restaurants (cruise).
        Yan Ruan: Beautiful place for walking at night
        Tran Mai Phong: Great view. Be extra careful with souvenir shops. Bargaining is definitely useful.
        David Le: Nice walk at night to see all the beautiful  lights .
        Anh Nguyễn: Crownded
        Raphael Caillon: Impressive neons and nice sights, busy at night
        QUOC MINH DO: A great place to hang out with your beloved ones. Food and drinks are offered at good prices.
        frank Rudd: Best view at high while you visit can tho City
        Thanh Chiang (Chiang Thanh): 5 out of 5 ! Great view ! A must do thing in Can Tho city by night
        Tran Manh Hung: View dep, bat tau di cho noi Cai Rang tu day
        matthieu labeylie: Pics talk for themselves
        Tim Tran: Nice riverside public park, you can have beautiful pictures here
        rob blood: Nice waterfront park try to. Go at night when everything is lit up nice photo of.
        The Green Dragon - Rồng Xanh: Nice views and a beautiful spot to walk day or night.
        VĂN MINH TRẦN: Ok
        502 ywy: Normal small park. You can see the river side.
        Anh Khoa: Great place to visit
        Nho Cao: Good place for enjoy Mekong delta rivers by night
        Long trương huỳnh Đại: Nice place to have a walk and best place to find delicious snack
        Aaron Rice: This is a great place to walk and enjoy the beauty of Vietnam. Absolutely beautiful
        Nguyễn Trung Tính: Good.
        KHOA TRAN ANH: View ok
        Hon Nguyen: Good view
        Phong Dang: So beautiful
        Eddie See: Never feel alone here n good place to chill the day away.
        Nguyen Sinh: Good place for traveler. Nice view in th night
        Trung Pham: Ok
        Thien Nguyen: Nice and clean,  worth to visit
        son tran: Check in
        Neil Gregory: Nice bit of  peace and quiet  , good  coffee shops and  restaurants
        Trung Nguyen Thanh: Beautiful!!!  Not too crowded and noisy, should visit.
        Illusion “Illusion”: Best place for couples to hang out when the sun sets.
        Jo Wynn: Historic place. Nice cafe along the wharf
        Ninh Nguyễn Hồng: Good food, nice location, reasonable price, worth the money spent.
        Gaurav Singh Rathore: It's very good place
        អោម មុន្នីរ័ត្ន: Some light on the walking bridge is cut off
        Hieu Nguyen Chi: Nothing special in here. Just an park and wharf for traveling round
        Simon Hook: Great place for afternoon walk and eating options
        Nguyễn Lê Văn: Ok
        Horizon Hugo: Nice place
        Ladislav Kocián: Nice place to visit during evening
        Thinh Tran: Nice place for a walk at night time
        Vu Hao Tran: Ordinary park, beautiful view.
        Bảo Bình: O day rat vui🌉🌉🎠🎠🎪 …
        Tien Thach: Good
        Gia-Hue On: There  is a lack of light at night.
        Huỳnh Anh Nguyễn (Jenny): Good place for amazing views
        Benno Krummenacher: It could be so beautiful if the whole river wasn't full of trash.
Unfortunately, I have to point out this problem once again: the waste is simply left lying around somewhere. You can see the result in my photos, which I actually hate taking.
        74G1 Úts: The impression here is that there are quite a lot of Chinese people. There is a quite busy market, I didn't ask the price so I don't know what the prices of the items here are.
In the evening, there is a walking street with many houses built a long time ago, creating an ancient feeling. It's like getting lost in buildings like in a Hong Kong movie.

Nowadays, the wharf is mainly used for tourism purposes, but there is rarely any commercial space like before. I heard people here say that in the past, when there was no urbanization, it was much more fun.

This is a place that when you come to Can Tho, I think you should definitely visit to experience and feel.

#Utdiconquered 13 western provinces
#Ut74G1visit
        Người trải nghiệm Trí Dũng -Follow TD: CAM THI GIANG-BEN NINH KIEU-HANG DUONG Wharf
“Can Tho has Ninh Kieu wharf
There is a beautiful river with many beautiful women.

Ninh Kieu Wharf, now known as Ninh Kieu Park, is a water wharf and a tourist and cultural landmark of Can Tho city formed in the 19th century. Ninh Kieu Wharf is located on the right bank of Hau River, between the confluence of Hau River and Can Tho River, adjacent to Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho City.

Ninh Kieu wharf is a long-standing tourist destination and attracts tourists because of its charming river scenery and favorable location overlooking the Hau river. Ninh Kieu wharf has long become a symbol of poetic beauty. on the banks of Hau River in Can Tho City, attracting many tourists to visit and engage in poetry:
“Can Tho has Ninh Kieu wharf
There is a beautiful river with many beautiful women."

1️⃣HISTORY
There are no historical documents clearly recording the formation of Ninh Kieu Wharf, but according to some researchers, there are anecdotes about the formation of this place from the Gia Long Dynasty of the Nguyen Dynasty and that Ninh Kieu Wharf was originally a river wharf. at the beginning of Can Tho market. In addition, Hang Duong wharf is another name of Ninh Kieu known since ancient times. People here still talk about it today

Accordingly, before he became king, Nguyen Anh went to the South. One day, his boat followed the Hau River into the capital city of Tran Giang (formerly Can Tho). As night fell, the boat group just arrived at the river, Ben Ninh Kieu wharf today. In the middle of the night, there were many recitations of poetry, singing, the sounds of guitars and flutes. He praised the river for its charming landscape and named the river Cam Thi river.

Near Ninh Kieu wharf there is Can Tho market, a large trading center in the Southwest region. The river wharf is always crowded with ships and boats moving back and forth filled with products from the Mekong Delta. Standing on Ninh Kieu wharf, you can see the largest cable-stayed bridge in Can Tho, Can Tho bridge, as well as looking towards Xom Chai and towards Con Au at the beginning of the wharf, you will see a strip of isle with many trees, and if you stand from the side Looking over at Xom Chai, you will see a panoramic view of Ninh Kieu and its streets. Currently around. The wharf has aquatic restaurants, floating markets on the river, restaurants with specialty dishes...And this is the starting point to visit another famous landmark of Can Tho, Cai Rang floating market, about 0.5km. Also at Ninh Kieu Wharf, besides tourism and cultural activities, this place is bustling with trading activities and the livelihood of poor workers.

2️⃣Walking street and night market
On January 10, 2016, the walking, culinary and night market area at Ninh Kieu wharf, Can Tho city officially came into operation. The project is invested by Dia Cau Trading and Services Limited Liability Company with a budget of more than 4.5 billion VND. The walking and culinary street will stretch about 200m from the International Hotel to the intersection of Ngo Quyen, Hai Ba Trung, Nguyen Thai Hoc - Vo Van Tan and ends at the Old Market House area (Tan An ward, district Ninh Kieu). The night market includes food areas, night market areas and souvenir sales areas. This night market operates from 4:00 p.m. the previous day to 4:00 a.m. the next day.

3️⃣Tourist walking bridge
On February 6, 2016 (ie the 28th of the Lunar New Year), Can Tho city's first tourist pedestrian bridge was inaugurated, attracting a large number of people and tourists to enjoy after nearly a year of construction.

The bridge spans Khai Luong canal, connecting Ninh Kieu wharf and Cai Khe islet, made of semi-permanent reinforced concrete, nearly 200 m long, 7.2 m wide, with a total investment of nearly 50 billion VND. The bridge's surface is designed with a stylized curving S shape symbolizing the country. At the two extended bridge sections, there are two lotus flower stands. The bridge is equipped with a system of colored LED lights controlled according to different scenarios, creating a vivid and modern beauty. The system of trees and flower beds outside the railing on the bridge wall is automatically watered and drained for convenient maintenance.
        Thiên Thu Tạ: I visited the Vu Gia 15 ship during an internship from Hai Phong, Quang Ninh and then went to Can Tho to visit... until now I have not had a chance to come back to roam around and admire the scenery.
        John Cashew Machine: The reason this place is famous is the boat wharf.
Here, many boats gather in all directions: go to the dunes, go to the market, go sightseeing on the river, see Can Tho bridge...
Near the marina, there is an ancient temple that also attracts tourists and local visitors
Crowded shops are also a plus point
Along the marina is a walking street with many western dishes...
        Mẹ San-Đan-Di- DSD: I went on weekdays and saw only the night market, with quite a few activities. There is jaggery juice for sale, everyone should try it!
        Quốc Hùng Nguyễn: In the evening, there is a river tour and dinner, and there is also a bridge with beautiful night views
        Luong Tri: A short business trip to Can Tho, although the time was short, I still tried to experience all the suggested places.
1. Night market - Ninh Kieu wharf: maybe because it's far from SG and it's in the middle of the week, not during the tourist season, so I feel deserted and peaceful => like this feeling.
2. While walking at the night market, I met a friend who advised me on floating market tickets from the Tu An shipyard => Completely by accident but highly appreciated:
- Dedicated consulting
- enthusiasm
- The ticket price is 100k but the train costs less than 20 but only has 4 tour guides. The two people in the photo are Huy - Hien (the other photo is me and my friend)
- Buying some fruits at the floating market is called experiencing the river.
- Everyone, please note that you should leave early around 5:00 am. They told me to leave before 5:30 am, but when I came out at 5:20 am, they expected only us to go (we came out early 😳)
        Tomoyuki Tango: Can Tho river cruise 👍️
Relax on the river at sunrise
Less than 2 hours
Visiting small floating markets.
An affordable way to kill time 👍️
Manufacturing of candy and colorful
Observation of making Fu Tiu.
        An Long Nguyen: A place name in a song that I often hear about from time to time, but nothing stands out
        Linh Nguyễn: Coming to Ninh Kieu, you cannot miss this place to take pictures! During the day you see a gentle simplicity with rivers, sailboats and natural scenery, but at night, shimmering colors. With diverse food with regional characteristics. The people are friendly and easy to approach, and their way of speaking is very attractive... We hope you have a wonderful experience when you come here!
        Poly Khô Gà (Càng Ăn Càng Mê Ly): The scene is very chill, suitable for walking, going in groups, security is very good, there are many parking spaces at reasonable prices.
        THỦY NGUYỄN: Having a famous name, he likes to go by boat to Con to eat at death anniversary feasts filled with fruit.
        Chi Anh: The first destination and also the ending point before returning to SG, stop at Ninh Kieu wharf to enjoy the cool air
        Đức Nguyễn: It's a walking street with beautiful scenery but I don't think there are many places to play
        MAI CHI LUONG: Ninh Kieu Wharf in Can Tho is a famous tourist destination in the South, where there are walking streets, night market shopping streets, going to the island to eat seafood...
        Alice Nguyen: East is bustling and bustling, right in the center so walking around is very convenient. Need to keep general hygiene cleaner, add public trash bins.
        PHƯƠNG UYÊN BẢN ĐỒ: Ninh Kieu Wharf is famous for domestic and foreign tourists when they set foot in TAY DO (Can Tho), the capital of the famous Western river region....
        Hùng Phan Minh: Ninh Kieu Can Tho Wharf has a beauty that is both peaceful and poetic, while also having a youthful and modern look that will definitely bring you unforgettable memories when you set foot in this Western capital. The photos were taken in 2016 and retain beautiful memories.
        Trâm Nguyễn: If you go quite a few times, you can ask the receptionist of the hotel you are staying at to book a tour in advance. I asked if there are 5am and 7am tours. You can even rent a private boat to visit the island. In general, the experience is worth a try. When I return to Can Tho, I have breakfast of vermicelli noodles at the floating market, buy some gifts, the noodles here are also delicious, people make them in many colors and like them, I buy them and cook them quite delicious, I'm afraid they'll be tough.
        Hoa Nguyen: It's very beautiful, there are also parks and walking streets around, shopping malls, restaurants, and roadside eateries. Night activities here are very bustling. Prices range from cheap to expensive. And early in the morning you can go to the floating market. So please try to experience it🥰 …
        Ngoc Dung Duong: Cool, fun. Ideal check-in point for young people
        Thy Hương Phạm Vũ: Can Tho Market Complex - Can Tho Night Market - Ninh Kieu Wharf

Park the car at the coopmart and walk to the night market. The evening is cool, the lights are quite beautiful. Visit the night market to buy sticky rice with chicken and young eggs like a tiktok review. If there are many cars, stop by. On the opposite side of the street, there are advertising vehicles crowded with buyers. The price of sticky rice seems to be 45-55k/big box for 2 people, 5k/ball of foxglove, 10k-15k/piece of kimsa dumplings.

After buying, bring the stone benches to Ninh Kieu wharf to eat and admire the scenery. There are cruise ships on the river, the menu is a bit high (drinks 110k-140k, hotpot 3xx-400k...). After buying water, sitting on a chill cruise is fine. There should be one trip in the evening around 7:00 a.m. - 7:30 p.m

At the beginning of Can Tho market, there was a stall selling anime models. My lover was there struggling to choose for 2 hours. I saw a lot of young men coming in to choose. When buying, remember to pay the price because the seller quotes a fake price. After asking the price, be careful not to miss out.

In the evening, take a cool tour of the city center and then return to your room to rest. Only had 1 night in Can Tho so I didn't experience many places.
        Thanh Phong Nguyễn Hoàng: Yesterday, September 1, 2024, I stopped by and visited Ninh Kieu Wharf
It is a tourist destination where many foreign and domestic tourists go out in large numbers and are very happy. I really like it
        Tất Thắng Hoàng (ThangHT): Can Tho has Ninh Kieu wharf...
It must be said that this is an ideal check-in point for locals and tourists when visiting the Western capital
The scenery, cuisine and people here are quite suitable and friendly
Ideal destination for families, couples…
        Lượng Thiên Xích (Lượng Thiên Xích): With its peaceful and poetic beauty in the modern city of Can Tho, Ninh Kieu wharf is considered a cultural symbol of Tay Do. This place has a strong Southern identity and is associated with the image of boats on the river bustling with buying and selling at the floating market.

This wharf is located on the right bank of Hau River, in Tan An ward, Ninh Kieu district, Can Tho city. It is located between the confluence of Hau River and Can Tho River, so it was once considered a goods trading dock during the French colonial period. Until now, people have not found any official documents recording the history of this location. Just know that according to an anecdote, this place used to be a river wharf at the beginning of Can Tho market.
        Chung Oanh: Near the wharf there are many places to experience and entertain, the closest is Can Tho market, which is more fun at night because there is a night market selling a lot of food and drinks. Along the wharf, there is also a cool walking street, suitable for strolling and enjoying the breeze. Around the wharf there are also relics that can be visited in the morning
        Vương Thu Hà: Ninh Kieu Wharf is not what I thought 😂 it's just a riverside road, quite small and nothing special, a few groups of street performers, but not very attractive. The food is different from the region so it doesn't suit your taste …
        Minh Pham: Places to visit and have fun at night for tourists and local people.
Here you can enjoy snacks, restaurants on the river, bars.... and visit the bridge of love.
In particular, you can buy individual tickets to visit Cai Rang floating market at Ninh Kieu wharf.
The atmosphere here is very cheerful.
        NEUAN: "Stop at Ninh Kieu wharf via Can Tho bridge
Connecting the two banks of Hau Giang river
Soc Trang waits to hear the advertisement
She sells delicious cakes
Buy Dung Thom Pia cake for me..."

A verse that captivates listeners about a famous place, in the busiest and most developed city in the Mekong Delta and beyond... The beauty of the land of white rice and clear water truly deserves its name. capital of the western region, urban area of the river region. This is a tourist destination that attracts both domestic and foreign tourists to visit. There's nothing more to say, when everything around meets your expectations. If I have a chance, I will still come back to visit this place, it's worth staying for a few days to visit this city❤️

