place: LOTTE Mart Can Tho
    review:
        D Sundance: Great place to browse, plenty of eateries and coffee places to choose from. Has a Lotte Mart for food shopping and everyday essentials. Also, it has a kids' adventure area and a cinema if you fancy a good film night. 🎥 …
        May Oppom: huge, big shopping place..
        there are thousand kind of mee/noodles
        but no Chay noodle even one. (vegetarian noodle)
        6Feb2025
        Heinrich “Hein” Lombard: Lovely shopping center, especially the supermarket. Family and child friendly.
        Tri Ngoc Minh Tran: The air conditioner doesn't work so it's quite hot.  Diverse goods, enthusiastic staff
        Tan Dat Nguyen: Shop assistants were surprisingly friendly and public-spirited, but they should always look up to all customers as they enter this building.
        tarah shaw: Finally got here after walking for nearly 4km
        Too jot
        Got some snacks, drinks etc for our hotel room
        Volkan Sakarya: As per Sunday, it's pretty crowded, and prices are a little higher than the G market.
        K C: Ok food court. Free undercover parking for motorbikes. Some products on promotion are cheap.
        Thuan Le: Ok! They can do better!
        ThongPQ SYPM: Good. Deli finger foods. Nice services.
        Johnson Tiêu: An great supermarket with a very wide range of imported products with high quality which is hard to find anywhere else in town. Good location, free parking. Good for entertainment and their kids playground is awesome. Sitting in the alley having coffee under the wind brezed is quite a treat.
        Donald Nguyen: surprisingly disappointing. i was expecting a good range of upmarket and interesting shops, but there wasn't. the supoermarket itself was ok; although i didn't look in detail enough to be sure just how good or poor.

        it seems to me that Lotte in Soc Trang (which is 4 times smaller) is actually a better Lotte Market, and of course you can't really compare to those in HCMC.
        Carl Fleming: Clean, not bad variety plenty of parking highland coffee, lotteria and other food avalible but always to few staff on tills in the supermarket  (about 20 security staff, 5 or more promotional staff and 30 plus shelf stackers and normally about 2 staff on tills) always long queues at the till.
        Scott Biales: After traveling SE Asia for months this place was a godsend.  Great place to stock up on anything and everything you may be craving.  The freshly baked pastries were fabulous, as were all the freshly made food options.

        William Ong: Good range of western groceries, fruits and vegetables.
        Group Raito Digital: Not only the price is as expensive as any other super market, customer service is horrible. They have no concept of staying in line, which could be understood by 5 year olds kids. There are people cutting in line and staffs (sellers, guards) would do nothing about it, even if they are asked. Would I rate them zero star but thats impossible, so one star.
        Minh Le: Depending on which businesses or shop you're visiting. They all seem to have their own aircon or else this shopping centre is quite hot. Cinema and kbbq are good
        JL Doan: Nice Lotte Mart, similar to many of the others.
        Phi Pham: Nice place to shop especially Korean products . Cozy coffee bar. Several good places to eat ranging from fast food to traditional meals. Decent Korean restaurant there!
        Luxor Bubble: Great place, diverse products and cuisine
        Yann Chrétien: All what you need for food, can be find there, imported, high quality and you got choice. Staff very nice, inside and at cashier level, pleasant and helpfull, well done Lotte
        Phann Phuc: One of the biggest supermarket in CanTho, it have a lot of items, foods, drinks... and it aslo have a small bar, bookstore and coffee store. I love it!!
        Như Võ: My favorite supermarket. It's fun to enjoy foods inside the market. Various kinds of products and great foods. It's very crowded on weekends.
        Kate Võ: Love it. They have available tables in chairs inside the supermarket so that we can enjoy food right there.
        Nghĩa Nguyễn: Ok
        Matt Eddie: Mouldy cheese and bone bits in the mince beef
        Mick: One if the best supper market in cantho.  Many games for the kid.  Good and cheap.
        Nam Nguyen: Yay Lotte mart is good in Can Tho city. Great place to shopping a lot of thing
        Nguyen Vinh Quang: Nice place for shopping during weekend. Due to economic crisis, prices are very competitive to attract more customers.
        carl Fleming: The super market is nice but all ways low on customer service staff and loads of security!
        Yen: Almost is ok... but some products discount... be careful... the price not true...
        Thắng Phạm: Usually busy speacially on weekend nights. Clean and neat. Good products and service
        Huỳnh Thanh Sơn: Ok
        Lizelle MacLachlan: I mostly find what I need here, except for smoked salmon, but I guess that's a stretch.
        Minh Tâm Trần Văn: Lots of korean products. Nice place for shopping. Queue in long lines for cashier, that depresses me a lot.
        Tran Quoc Anh: It's a big supermarket for shopping,  there are various kind of goods that peoples can buy from here
        Juan Inoriza: Great offer
        Raymond Chong: So many stuffs available to buy in Can Tho
        Phuong Loan Nguyen: This supermarket have a lot of choices but more expensive than Big C. 4 stars
        Trường Phan: Nice market to buy anythings.
        Special is Korea food and products
        Sage Pirotess: Was great to buy things during covid.  Also clean.
        Triha Nguyen: nice view,  but u can not pack car
        Binh Tri Tran: Good shopping mall. All service are good. Lots of commodities.
        Huy Phan: Nice
        Duc Huynhhongsongduc: Do an o day rat ngon ma con re nua
        Duy Khánh: Ok
        Ngọc Phương Võ: Good
        Rajendrakumar Deepak C: Good for food
        Ken Gremillion: Wide selection of products. Good staff. Clean. Modern.
        D O: Great mall! Very good shopping at reasonable prices.
        Phương Lê: Nice supermarket with beautiful decoration and good service!
        Thái Hòa Trung: Big place for various dining options, bookstore and a huge supermarket.
        Quốc Nguyễn: So great
        Martin Fuchs: Nice mall with supermarket and shops and restaurants and belly dancing
        JJ An: Love this place, good atmosphere, many products and good staffs
        Khoa Nguyen: New shopping center, beautiful decoration with lots of services...
        Văn Sơn Ngô: All staff must be fired or trained again.
        YS KIM: Very nice to shop for foreign visitors!
        Thanh Loan Le Nguyen Thi: I do like Gogi food store here
        diep2017 nguyen: Ok
        Huỳnh Gia Khiêm: Good
        Trần Nguyễn Duy Thăng: Nice place! Nice view! Recommend!
        Alex Lam: Relaxing places for family combine with shoping and tasting
        Gia Huy Trương: Offer most of your daily necessities
        서창원: very nice place to go shopping
        Le Phong: Ok
        Bao Ngo: Clean and nice place to shop
        Thiều Quang Quốc Việt: There are many kid games at weeken nights.
        Huynh Huu Thanh: Good place for shopping and eating.
        Hưng Trần Quốc: Good!!
        Chi Cong Nguyen: OK
        Phuc Phan Thanh Thien: One of the best mall in Can Tho
        Chau Le Van: Good wine with reasonable price
        Hoàng Anh Tú: cf highlands !
        Wayne Esplin: Good access and good supermarket variety
        Cedric Goey: Nothing much to shop
        Poor customer service
        Hung Ngo: Korean supermarket and good place for shopping
        Đoàn Út Thanh: Ok
        NAM PHAN QUANG: Ok
        Nguyen Thanh Tuan: Good shopping mall in Can Tho.
        Pha Anh: Good
        Long Bajie: It still has a little bit of silent
        frank Rudd: Can tho city busy shopping Mall
        Khải Đinh: Ok
        Bao Nguyen: Very good price for family
        JJ JJ: Favorite place to shop while in this city
        TT Piano: Nice and crowded place for shopping
        Bảo Lộc Tống: Big Store and more entertaiment activity
        my ngoc: Lote max very good
        Trương Minh Tấn: Good
        Thanh Euro: ok good
        HQT Speed: Very good
        Giang Nguyen: Ok
        Quốc Kiệt: Very good
        Sashikumar: Very nice
        Go Le: Very good
        Son Dang: Very good
        Nhật Trần: Ok
        Huy Hoàng: Great place for visiting and shopping
        Hiếu Đèo TV: Ok
        Nga Nguyen: Ok
        Vu Bao Nguyen: Ok, good good.
        Minh Trieu Duong: Very good
        Tuấn Anh Nguyễn Vương: Ok
        Thế Huân Hoàng: Ok
        Nhi Đào: Ok
        Manh Doan Xuan: Look great and model.
        Lam Pc: Dep v
        Về Đâu Em Hỡi: Ok
        Toại Bùi: Ok
        LA NGUYEN XUAN DUY: Ok
        Thi Mai Huyen Tran: Enjoy.
        亗Huỳnh丨Nhật: Ok
        Nghĩa Tạ Đình: Ok
        Hien Nguyen: Ok
        Loan Tran: Good.
        Phú Đinh: Good
        Zenki Loki: Good place for shopping
        Tuong Huynh: Perfect!
        Hiếu Lục Trung: Ok
        Ket Phan: Ok
        nghi Hong: Tuietzoi
        Le Quoc Hoa: Good
        Sơn Tùng Nguyễn: Ok
        Chris Weidner: Excellent supermarket.
        vũ thanh: Ok...
        Thiên Lê hoàng: Love this
        Tony Chánh: Ok
        Hữu Hậu Huỳnh: Good
        Trường Giang Nguyễn: Good
        Viet Tran Hoang: Enjoy lotteria foods
        Lê Phú Vinh: Ok
        Lê Công Bằng: Ok
        Phạm Hoài Bảo: Ok
        Phuoc Le: Good
        Eddie Li: Various goods available
        SG Genius: Shop, eat and movie.
        hoàng Nguyễn: Ok
        Hiền Lê văn: Dxth
        SaiRin Phá Hoại: Ok
        Doanh Nguyen Truong: Ok ....
        Khánh Dơn (Zeze): Ok
        Bành Hào: Ok
        BÌNH NGUYỄN HỮU (NGUYEN HUU BINH): ok
        Văn Phúc Võ: Best
        Huy Hoàng Trương: Ok
        Ngân Khánh Võ Hoàng: ok
        Minh Nhật Trần (Nhậtula): Clean, good!
        nhân phan: Ok
        hoang tuan La: Googd
        Triều Nguyễn: Ok
        cam son tran: Ok
        NGUYEN TUAN: Ok
        Đức Minh Lý: Ok
        Hoang Nhut Tran: Good
        G.Thành Hà: Ok
        THANH TRIEU: Ok
        Hoang Dong Huynh: Clean and good
        Hien Cao Quang: Ok
        KEO 502 DUY LONG: Ok
        green forwarding: Place for shopping and go around
        Kim phượng Lý: Relax
        Trang Huỳnh: Good
        Tuấn Anh Lê Hoàng: Ok
        Đặng Minh Thông 19-6: Ok
        Duy vuong quang: Good
        Da Da: Good
        Sujita Balami: Hygienic and good place
        The Tong: Good
        Nguyen Tom: Ok
        HOÀNG SANG: Good
        Út Cảnh: Good
        BI BI: Good
        Vo Dong: Good
        Gia Khánh: Great
        Duy Đàm: Center good .
        Điền Giang Nguyễn: Good
        Kien Nguyen: Lotte Mart Can Tho
        Thuong Nguyen: My family and I came here to shop for Tet... I have to say that here you don't need anything.. candies... jam... drinks... refrigerated items are all fresh and diverse.. just choose according to your family's taste, fill the car and have delivery service to your home... especially a lot of Korean food is easy to find, my grandchild loves it... when I'm tired, there's also an on-site food stall... this year is a sad economic year so everywhere is a bit gloomy but supermarkets have created a lot There's a great promotion program for okela customers...the staff is enthusiastic and supportive when customers need it...the lockers here are very good, everyone is absolutely safe with face id, unfortunately I forgot to take a photo. I really enjoyed the experience...
        Choxedap (Choxedap.vn): The first impression is that it is very clean, and the goods are displayed neatly and beautifully.

        Hồng Tân Võ: The customer care policy is too bad, the staff is unprofessional, when paying, they do not ask customers for their membership cards to accumulate points, not as professional as other Marts.
        CHOU GUEN: I often come here on weekends with my Family, there are many stores with many types of products. The children's play area here is clean and affordable ☘️☘️☘️🫶 There is a coffee shop at the entrance, which is great for working! …
        Hồng Lý: The supermarket is clean, the goods are good. There is a smart locker, which is very convenient
        NTGB 09: Went to the movies and the bookstore, hm... why, just went shopping ÷)) there's also a buffet
        Kha Trúc: At 8:40 p.m. on March 15, when I finished eating and went to the counter to ask for a wrap, the cashier didn't know if he was tired or anyone was teasing me. But when he asked for a wrap to put away the food to take home, he had an unpleasant attitude. He asked the security guard to check before he could take the wrap. When he came out, the security guard asked the cashier to hand out the wrap instead of checking, while the food had been billed in the food counter with a sticker on it, but he was afraid that the person who ate it wouldn't pay or something? We come to enjoy being served, not to receive that attitude in return
        동쓰: Unlike Korea, a big advantage in Vietnam is that you can buy it in the store and eat it right away. The price of the food is 109000vd which is reasonable. I did some grocery shopping and it came out to 199000vd, which is roughly 10,000 won.
        Tuyet Thanh Le: It's getting more and more complicated, there are no instructions, asking for a place to film food makes the staff uncomfortable, filming takes a long time, it's very annoying, if you spend money to buy food while you're eating it, your bill will be checked while you're eating. The cashier didn't remind the customer to keep the bill, PHNNNN LACK OF PROFESSIONAL!!!!
        lap lap: poor service attitude, the food takes a long time to come out, the first person to arrive is delivered later, wait 30 minutes and still not see the last customer to arrive first, the dipping sauce is bad, my opinion and my friends just ate
        原則: Diversified services, parking is safe, and shopping malls are safe, there is something to play and something to eat ~ overall it is very good
        Thành Phong Dương: Today I parked my car at Lotteria and when I received the card from the staff, there was absolutely no card cover. When I returned to pick up the car, the parking attendant asked me to return the card case, while I did not know about that card case. Staff attitude is unprofessional and does not listen to customers.

        Such service really loses sympathy and causes frustration for customers. I hope Lotteria will review the way the parking staff works to avoid troublesome situations like this in the future.
        Hữu Đức Trần: Plus point (+): there is a parking lot in front, very convenient for customers. But in return, there are not many check-in points, the facade is dark./.
        Khang Khang: After watching a movie, 5 of my friends and I were beaten in the garage by 3 people coming out of Lotte. My friend's eyes and lips were cut. The security guard stood there just watching but not intervening. My group came in and asked to check the cam but they didn't check. What happened to the incident at Lotte that you all did not support?
        Manuel Marcus: Mostly everything getting there, yes it's a bit more expensive as you look for the cheapest prices, but getting your needed stuff more quickly together.
        Great helpful staff.

        Buy almost everything there, yes it's a bit more expensive when you look for the cheapest price, but get what you need faster.
        Staff are very enthusiastic.
        HEEGAK EUN: A place to cool off in hot weather. Conter Lotte Mart is the 11th in Vietnam? The difference is that there is a restaurant and children's playground on the first floor. There are also fast food restaurants such as Lotteria and KFC on the first floor, a supermarket, a conveyor belt sushi restaurant, and a localized place serving tteokbokki. The second floor is a supermarket with clothing stores, fresh foods, and daily necessities. It would be nice to cool off from the heat and look around for a while in Conter, which is relatively quiet among Vietnamese cities of similar size.
        8a2 Nguyễn Ngọc Như Quỳnh: The parking lot is so bad that the car falls down, the turn lights are always chipped and don't have to be re-attached, the parking space outside the back is so bad, I hope it will be repaired and fixed.
        Tuyen Lê: The Tet atmosphere is overwhelming, beautifully decorated and there are many eye-catching items, beer has promotions at cheaper prices than outside, household appliances are also diverse and beautiful, you will definitely buy many interesting dishes. dining area Spacious and many dishes. There's also a conveyor belt hotpot that I like. However, I had a bit of experience when I went shopping and was in a good mood. When paying, the guy at the counter seemed a bit tense. I just asked about how to transfer money, he said he only accepts money. I asked carefully and realized that I could transfer momo, but this person seemed unhappy, probably because of the way I dressed like a poor student. My bill was over a million, so you probably thought I didn't have enough money to pay and thought I was No momo to pay just asking Please note that we do not accept bank transfers and payments via momo. If you don't dress very elegantly, don't ask anything, you won't be respected.
        Trọng: [Kfc chicken dining area] Too bad customer care with disrespectful attitude, asking for water had to be asked twice before bringing out all the food to get a drink, so disappointed.
        Mỹ Tiên: The other day, I walked here and drank Highlands for a while, then walked over to the main sales place
        I forgot I had a bottle of mineral water outside, so a security guard stopped me and asked me to send the water to the counter. Ok, I happily sent it because that was the rule at that time. I remember I was wearing baggy pants, a hoodie, a crossbody bag, and a mask. and normal glasses, but as soon as I walked in, the staff standing there had a look of caution in their eyes
        Walking around and seeing that there was nothing to buy, I went out and took a bottle of water from the counter. At this time, the security guard still had a cautious look on me so I went to the counter and said politely to the counter staff, "Hey, I got the bottle of water just now." I sent it "she looked at me with disdain and said "where did you put that water bottle, now go get it yourself" sounds ridiculous. When I sent it, I put it in the middle of the table and happily asked her to put it away for me, then turned away immediately, how did I know? Where did she keep it? Does anyone know where it is? It's right behind the mini sign right in her hand
        But she still tried to complain about not helping me, that's really bad. The staff was so friendly and good
        In general, you probably look at me when I dress like a poor, ordinary, miserable person, like a criminal
        Lotte is not at fault, the fault lies with the staff
        Christian Carole: Not great like the one in Hanoi.
        We didn't find the products we were looking for.
        But substitute products could be purchased.
        C&C
        Huyền Thạch: Yesterday, March 10, 2025, the cashier's attitude was really bad, too bad!
        Lâm Huyềnn: After a long time, I charged and then said it took me 30 minutes to pay the bill and couldn't change it
        Hoangduong1168 Nguyen: I bought this box of cakes and when I got home and opened it, there were only 2 small bags of cakes, so where are the other 8???????🤬🤬
        So who has to compensate for my rights and that's the big supermarket? …
        Trung Kiên Trần: LOTTE Mart Can Tho Supermarket
        Date of establishment: October 15, 2015
        Area: 15,700m2
        Address: 84 Mau Than, An Hoa Ward, Ninh Kieu District, City. Can Tho.
        Operating hours: From 07:30 - 22:00
        Huy Tran: Large shopping center, many types of goods. The only downside is that the parking lot is not covered.
        Nhàn Mỹ: Ngoc Thao staff is cheerful and environmentally friendly
        FF Bắp: I don't know what the security position is, but I saw the customer walking in the parking lot, but the customer called for assistance several times but pretended not to hear and then went somewhere else.
        Trung Nguyen: Fortunately, the shipper arrived at the airport and had to drive the car through during the delivery time. Lotte could not advise the shipper to enter the cargo quickly.
        BN Benny: The supermarket is crowded with cars. I need to go to the supermarket to buy things, but the yellow license plate service drivers sit there and click on their phones, making it so that customers who need to go to the supermarket have no place to park. The supermarket is so big, why don't you train the security team to instruct you how to park the cars with enough space to park a few more cars? Too bad. 1 star unprofessional
        Vy Le: Good service, cheerful and friendly staff.   Price is also reasonable. The layout is beautiful and neat, there are booths with a variety of products, and there are some promotions or lucky draws 😉😉. Covered parking lot, with space for motorbikes and cars. The supermarket is also very secure so you don't have to worry about pickpockets or anything like that. But if you don't want to wait while paying, I advise you that it's best not to go on Saturday or Sunday 😅😅 because it's quite crowded so waiting to pay can take a while.
        Thu Anh: The cashier has a bad attitude when the customer wonders whether there is a transfer payment or not, and an annoyed attitude when the customer asks for an extra bag because the purchase is heavy and heavy, in the time frame of 9:30 p.m. - 9:40 p.m., I hope the management will consider and trend the staff again. THANK YOU‼️

