place: Coffee Phúc Minh
    review:
        Thanh Hoài Nguyễn: Spacious and airy area, next to the river bank.
😁😁 Quality water, affordable price!
There are more entertaining games!
The frontage address is easy to see and has spacious parking.
Having more food in the morning is of great quality!

place: Hotel Phúc Long 2
    review:
        an nguyen: The room was extremely terrible and dirty. The bedsheets and pillowcases were not replaced. There was no hair dryer and water in the room.
        Joe Hall: Upon arrival, I was told I must have a covid19 test despite displaying no symptoms and having no connection to any covid cases. I thought this was strange at the time and after initially refusing, I did. My first few days were tough, I had no fridge and hardly any good working internet. Soon both were fixed which I was happy about but the customer service from the two people working was really, really strange. It was almost as if they wanted to see me struggle during the lockdown as much as possible. The rest of the hotel guests would all eat together but they would never let me, even though I am not good at cooking myself. In the second week I became ill as a mosquito bit me. Once again, the boy working there seemed very panicky about covid and began accusing me of having it because I said I'd been to hospital. I made it clear I did not have covid but he was relentless in his questions and unwilling to help me find treatment. As a result, I went back to the hospital and found out I had tested positive for Dengue. It was horrible having this fever, let alone in an environment where staff were not happy to help. It made me feel like a burden. While the female receptionist was rude, I think that was more of a language barrier and her not understanding me. The boy however, I believe was intentionally very rude on two occasions, once upon arrival and once when he found out I was will. As a result, this, alongside the mosquitos was the reason I left, even during a lockdown. Wouldn't recommend to any English person at all in the future.
        Edwin Sim: A basic hotel in a good location to the Quay and the tourist belt along Hai Ba Trung Road. Probably the cheapest hotel in this prime area.
        Eckplore: It looks so much better after huge renovation. I was here 4 times and met 2 different owners. Big change
        Quang John Ngo: Good location, friendly staff, affordable.
        TÂM VĂN LÊ: It is good place to stay.
        Huỳnh Nguyên Khôi: Ok
        T Mon: The attitude of the owner and staff is very bad. Irresponsible. Lost money for booking a room here.
        Linh Nguyen: Bad room, room not occupied but still ask for money from guests.
        Ngọc thảo Mã thị: The hotel is close to Ninh Kieu wharf, very convenient for walking around, affordable price. Room is clean. Enthusiastic staff
        Vy Vy: quite bad huhu, spent 450 but got an extremely old room, no soundproofing, everything in the room above can be heard, old room, moldy walls, bad attitude.
        Phương Anh Võ Ngọc: The attitude of the night shift staff was very rude, not interested in guests, talking nonsense, even though the hotel is open 24/7, I checked in at 11pm, put my stuff away and went to eat, the staff said "close at 12pm", I just asked if I could ring the doorbell, then they answered "yes". I stayed in room 404, it was moldy, the door was broken, the faucet was broken, the blanket smelled of mold, the room had hair from previous guests, the fan was broken, the air conditioner was weak. Don't look at the pictures on the advertisement to be fooled.
        Huy Cường Nguyễn: Phuc Long 2 Pong Hotel is spacious, clean, comfortable, ok. Reasonable price, close to Ninh Kieu wharf so very convenient for tourists.
        Ho Lee: This hotel is more comfortable than the others. Custard room, essential ingredients, vegetarian food, professional ice cream staff. Tom hybrid, very nice.
        Vũ Nguyễn: The hotel is located right in the center near Ninh Kieu wharf. The room is clean and airy. Price is very affordable.
        Color Draw: This place is terrible, the staff is very unpleasant, the old blankets smell bad, the rooms are moldy. The door locks are broken and unsafe. They really look down on customers here. Very frustrating, Will never come back, my daughter can't sleep because of the bad smell of the pillows, mattresses, and blankets. The staff speaks rudely and unpleasantly. There is no drinking water in the room, no kettle. Hairbrushes are shared, Small alley with no broom to park cars, Near the market so noisy.
        Thanh Truyền Nguyễn thị: Phuc Long 2 Hotel is tall, airy, beautiful, near Ninh Kieu wharf, very convenient for tourists.
        Vi Tran: - Room quality is suitable for the price
Affordable, true to the style of the river delta like Saigon ten years ago, still old but quite comfortable.

- Location is in the heart of the market, right near the center of Ninh Kieu wharf, convenient for traveling, near the market, night market, crowded dining spots. If anyone needs an absolutely quiet space, this is not the most perfect choice.

- The most noteworthy thing here is the customer service, the staff is enthusiastic, supportive.

Especially, there is a staff named Tung who enthusiastically supports. We came here to play for 3 days and unfortunately got shingles, he showed us a folk remedy and also bought us a tube of cream to prevent it, he advised us to abstain from all kinds of things.
Next time I visit the West, I will definitely come back here.
        HO HOANG MINH MAN: The hotel owner was bossy, booked through Agoda, checked in and finished checking out and said he didn't know how to pay, denying responsibility. Not worth staying
        anne s: The room smelled of smoke, was extremely damp and had no window. ||There were hairs on the bed, stains on the blanket and the bed was extremely hard. ||You were almost standing on the toilet while showering and there seemed to be mold on …
        Nguyễn Quốc Duy: Stayed for 2 nights and took 2 rooms with 3 single beds. The receptionist agreed and the whole group finished moving their luggage, but the receptionist said that there were no more rooms for the next day and suggested that the next day they change to 3 rooms with 2 single beds. I thought that was okay so I agreed. But the next day they changed to a room with 1 bed with the reason that another group wanted to stay on the same floor and there were no more rooms with 2 single beds. Laundry was reported to be 60k/wash and dry, no more than 12 kg. After washing, they said there were too many clothes so they charged 100k (8 sets of clothes - shorts and t-shirts). After experiencing it once, I bowed down and didn't make an appointment to see you again. If I could rate 0 *, I would give it 0 *.
        NGUYỄN LÂM SƠN: The room smelled bad, no mineral water, no kettle, noisy all night long, couldn't sleep, brought to the hotel as well as other people but too bad. In general, too bad...
        Slow Life 8 80: I booked through Booking.com, but they demanded cash so I paid in cash. They didn't clean the room. They didn't change the towels so I went there and asked for them and they changed them then. There were a lot of ants so I told them and they gave me some medicine and sprayed it myself but they still kept coming back (getting bitten). The soundproofing was very bad. I was satisfied with the price. The facilities were so-so. There was an elevator. Parking was available. The wifi worked well. There was hot water. There was a refrigerator. There was air conditioning. It's not bad for just sleeping, but I was personally disappointed with the towel issue.. Otherwise, it's fine. There are many places nearby that sell gum sweat (surprisingly good. Price is around 25k). There's a food market (similar to a street food stall) near the river on weekends. It's surprisingly delicious. Food delivery is available through Grab. I ordered because it rained and all 3 times they came like bullets and the delivery man was conscientious (he didn't even take the change lol)
        tuan hoang: The hotel is quite run down, small rooms, intermittent air conditioning, poor soundproofing, laughter in the hallway inside is clearly visible...
Located in the iron market so the entrance is narrow.
A very bad experience. Will not return.
        Phúc Trần Anh Hữu: Rooms are relatively comfortable, prices are reasonable, suitable for short-term business trips.
        Mỹ Huyền: Feeling uncomfortable when using room service. Especially in the room problem. The location is too bad.
        Trực Võ Thành: Clean room, near Ninh Kieu wharf, enthusiastic staff
        Ha Bui Ngoc: The hotel is on Dien Bien Phu Street, not on the main road so cars cannot reach the door. The hotel is a bit old but clean, the price is reasonable, and they rent motorbikes so guests can freely explore. Right in front of the hotel is a market so the road to the door is often not very clean.
        Mai Ung: I sincerely advise you not to choose this hotel for the following reasons:
Looking down on customers, challenging customers to rate 1 star? The hotel owner talks nonsense, rudely, shows that he doesn't need customers, calls customers stupid, who told them not to pay directly through the hotel but pay through agoda? This is the original words of the hotel owner's reply to the customer.

I think we should use it correctly, we cannot tolerate such a bad hotel. I hope no one else will be like me. My mistake was stupid because I booked the hotel through the agoda app.
        Trip Together: I didn't sleep in the hotel but I rented a motorbike and I wanted to say that the prices are fair.  In addition they have a hotline if you have any problem and it is efficient. Unfortunately we had to use it because our motorbike broke down and they came with another motorbike for a standard exchange at no extra charge. Large selection of motorcycles +/- in good condition.  Checked before. But I recommend this rental company.
        Lan Nguyen: The whole group stayed without shower water, power outage.
Mineral water in the room is also charged.
Too bad.
Don't come here, everyone.
        Ẩn Bùi: The hotel is okay, the price is OK but there is no car park. The room is a bit old, in the old style and has not been renovated. Clean, the price is okay!
        Táo Đỏ: Hotel on a small street, taxis can't get in, 3 minutes walk from the night market, Ninh Kieu wharf. Right next to the iron market, bolts, nuts, nuts... Friendly service. Moldy room, old smelly bathroom.
        Ngoc Tran: Once, no second time, too bad, too frustrating, arbitrarily turned off the guest room's circuit breaker, smelly room, too unsanitary, full of old stuff.
        Hiroyuki Mori: Used for motorcycle touring. Parking is available in the hotel's own parking lot. The doors are locked at night, so security is good.
However, the window lock in the guest room was missing!
Not being able to lock the window is horrible.
        le linh: old hotel, smelly room, moldy, dirty mattress, old equipment, toilet can't be locked
room 402
        Milu Luna: Room ok, very reasonable price, near center
        Thành Nguyễn: Cons: Old hotel, old furniture; no drinking water; Have to walk 50m through An Lac iron market
Pros: Cheap (200 - 300k); Near Ninh Kieu Wharf, near Tan An market, night market.
        Minh Tâm: The air conditioning in the room could not be adjusted, the TV did not work, and the receptionist was enthusiastic
        Hoàng Ngọc Hiển: Smelly, dirty room
Poor service
Arbitrarily increase prices for additional services
        Ntl Thao: Only front rooms are available, other rooms are classified as "Air-conditioned motels only".
        thế vy đỗ: Friendly staff, spacious room, small bathroom, frequent water outages, weak wifi
        Huỳnh Như Nguyễn Thị: Budget hotel, rooms and equipment are a bit old but clean and quiet, reasonable price.
        9467_Nguyễn Thị Hoài Thương: Poor customer service bad old dirty rooms need to be upgraded. Never rent again
        Lương Quốc: Okay, the staff is also very enthusiastic. Although the room is a bit rundown, it is very clean. Reasonable price
        Duy Thanh: Reasonable price, good for backpacking. Near the center. Room is a bit rundown, acceptable.
        Bùm TV: Good service, reasonable price, full amenities, elevator, air conditioning, clean.
        Đức Núi - Robben Lưu: Old room, narrow hallway. Water must be brought in if you want to stay.
        Super Speed - Siêu Tốc Độ: Old, no mineral water, unclean toilet, small bed, old equipment, too bad
        thuy thach: Lost things, owner didn't check the camera. Didn't reply back to the guest
        Quang Dang: Clean, convenient to travel, eat and drink. No leisure services.
        Hyundai Cần Thơ - Tây Đô: Clean, secure, reasonable price
Near Ninh Kieu Wharf, convenient for transportation
        Thanh Phu Cao: Small room without closet no amenities
        Nguyen USA Antoni: I was going to stop by here but the comments were so bad that I avoided it.
        Nguyen Be moon (bàn chân việt tv): Good service but no mineral water
        Hạp Nguyễn: The place I have been to is full of memories
        Long To: Room is clean, equipment is a bit old
        thanh tung Le: thoughtful
        Tien Nguyen: Not yet, advance payment
        Hung Nguyen van: Good
        Lu hanh Kiep: Temporary
        Phạm Thành Lâm: K satisfied

place: Phúc Thiện Coffee
    review:
        Thông điệp Quà tặng: ok
        Văng Đắt Sự: Affordable prices with delicious food
        TRYTRY Hải Huỳnh: so beautiful

place: Phuc Long Coffee & Tea (Phúc Long Ninh Kiều)
    review:
        Tuyen Phạm Khanh: Bought 3 cups of Phuc Long milk tea, never drank 1 cup of Phuc Long it was so filling. Fatty, not strong tea. Probably due to not brewing the tea at the right time. Feeling disappointed, don't dare visit next time
        Toàn Bùi Huy: The drink has a strong tea flavor, those who cannot drink tea should consider it.
Personally, I don't like strong tea, but I recommend Phuc Long milk tea and jasmine tea.
The shop is located on the first floor of Vincom Shopping Center, right on the main road and in the city center so it is convenient to travel.
The restaurant area is not large but the space is airy.
Enthusiastic service staff, quick delivery.
        Thắng Môi Trường: They sold 2 glasses of water and waited half an hour. The shop is big and has 1 sales staff.
        Duy Raider: If the restaurant runs out of dishes, cancel the order. Let customers wait for 30 minutes and still not arrive. If you can't sell, then get rid of the branch and slow down. Sincerely !
        Tuấn Khãi: Bought 3 glasses of Phuc Long but it was as bland as if diluted, not one of them tasted like Phuc Long, and had to wait a long time, worst experience at Phuc Long.
        Pha Thành Công: Stop by at 8:20 am. The shop has 3-4 tables all occupied. Yet there is no air conditioning. The room is very hot. There is only 1 employee. Waited quite a long time.
        Ái Định Nguyễn: Everything is ok, but you have to send your car far away to be safe.
        Trai Chung Tình: The shop is large, located inside a Vinmart supermarket, free parking, I went on the last day of the year so it was quite empty, the water was delicious, similar to the taste in Saigon, I don't know if it's crowded on weekdays or not, but I personally like the space. It's quiet like this, many stores are packed with people, I feel stuffy and uncomfortable to sit in
        Tự Chọn Đồ Nghề (Mr Đồ Nghề): The restaurant is clean, beautiful and spacious. Enthusiastic staff. At winmart, parking is comfortable
        Hoàng Châu: High tea. Like fragrant dac jasmine tea. But every time I drink strong tea I can't sleep at night. Haha
        Uni Nguyễn: You give enthusiastic advice
When the heat is very suffocating, I think this happy dragon should respectfully separate it from the vin
        Anh Vũ Ốc: I've always liked Phuc Long because the tea here has a smooth taste, and I love PL milk olong the most because it's not as sweet and fatty as other shops. Hnay nvien invited me red plum Tan Cuong tea. And my review is specifically for this dish. Dislike.

The tea is too bitter and bitter, the aftertaste is not fragrant but is drowned out by the bitter taste. Even pounded plum vermicelli can't get rid of it.
        Sơn Vlog: There are always discounts and new drinks every month
        Thuy Ho: Drink well, eat well, clean, take card payments!
        Tươi Nguyễn: The staff is bad, they don't notify the customers when making the food, (3 cups of iced milk coffee cost more than 30 minutes) including the Phuc Long store at Vincom Hung Vuong (2 cups of black tea with lemon took up to 30 minutes), these 2 stores should train the staff again.
        Tú Trang: Inside the supermarket, the space is spacious
        Anh Nhã Phạm Võ: The store is located in WinMart, spacious and cool space, free parking.
        Loc Ng: The price is definitely expensive compared to popular cafes like you know
        Chu Hiếu: The restaurant is beautifully designed, good service, prices are a bit high
        Daniel Sky890: Phuc Long Can Tho, keep the bill, after 2 hours the bill will be reduced by 30.%
        Đặng VanDuc: Very comfortable, cool space
        Quốc Nguyễn: Hot
        Bút Nguyễn Đình: Will visit if given the chance
        Minh Thuận Đỗ: Thich Phuc Long

place: Phuc Long coffee & Tea
    review:
        Nha Le: Not bad. Minus point: parking quite far
Milk tea so good. Should try it.
Fabric tea + Jasmine  is fine
        Robin: Avoid this place. They refused to give my drink even though I had the buzzer but lost my receipt. Ridiculous.
        Philip Tran: I bought 2 glasses of lotus lychee tea and ask for a glass of water, I was rejected, the reason is that the owner count on every glasses so the can not give it away. …
        AFOUDA Francine: The worst experience I ever had at a store. I went there a couple if time and noticed that the service is not so great. The last time the guy taking my order literally told me to "go home and that they did not have any coffee available for …
        Tài Nguyễn: This is the second time I have a bad experience here, actually. The parking lot is quite narrow and the attitude of employees somehow is inappropriate while producing service.
I understand the problem is the outsourcing procedures but actually are there any ideas ? 🙄
        Francis S: Second visit. I go to collect my tea and they want the receipt as well as the buzzer. So I go back and get it while the staff are stand and watch.
Great tea but hey if it really is so important to stamp the receipt why make the customer walk back and forth and back and forth.
Customer service is about going the extra mile - but I’m doing all the walking.
        Tuyet Nhung: We are 2ppl coming over around 8PM, not crowded inside at the moment (I saw upstair all empty, few tables downstair, tables outside are empty too) but the staff stopped us from outside saying that they are full and stop receiving customer even I told him that I saw many tables are empty and We even not allowed to sit outside !!!!??? Why ? We really dont understand.
Just come over to others Phuc Long in Hanoi or HCMC then you will know what is called “FULL”. Maybe their business is too good to need customer.
        Sam Pham: Not much appreciate the profession of cashier staff, when i order a milk tea, i advised that i need a medium size, maybe you just have a small and bif size for the milk tea, but the staff attitude is so bad and staff even does not welcome guest with a social smile.when guest address not correct with size that you have, you might advise guest that we just have small and big size, is it ok with you. I dont know how hard your work, how busy you are, but it is completely failed with customer services orientation. It is interesting to have a new Coffee brand in my hometown, but not much impressed with how staff work. Understanding that a good local coffee brand in Vietnam, but it does not mean you dont have a competitor later. Then the training staff how to work in customer services effectively is also important part in your businesses.

A friendly reminder for the local staff, when you work for a new brand and you think that you are a higher than the other and treat the customer in such a not nice way, then you are not ever to be developed in your career path.
        Kevin Ranan: Great atmosphere though it's crowded at this time.
        Gareth Ward: Another overpriced, pretentious coffeeshop chain
        An Đặng: The first one in Can Tho. The drinks are good, the place is modernly designed. If you go here at weekends, it is very crowded. The price is a little bit higher than other places.
        NAM KIEN NHUT (Nam Mỹ Travel & Study): Good drinks, good location, a bit hot, there are plugs but no electric
        Khai Do: Coffee is excellent but it seems to serve especially teens. No middle-age are usu seen here.
        Jason Park: not enough cake for us. We are 12 people but cake prepared inly 10pcs.
        Minh Đức Vương: Phuc Long is the best.😁😁😁
        Yukinari Sasaki: Horrible service do not go here. I got in trouble for eating a sandwhich other people are eating outside food. Also they wouldn’t allow us to play cards l. Very rude workers.
        Tap Nguyen: Using too much plastic
        Bao Ngan Ho: Good view, nice decoration. Drinks are not outstanding but ok.
        LP PL: A nice and comfortable place. Drink is good, prices are reasonable
        Aaron Rice: A very nice place to kick back and take in a good cup of coffee or a good mixed beverage.
        Riley Tran: Nice drink as usual. Not too busy on a monday morning
        Minh Nhut: Teamilk flavor good, service very nice
        Thành: Good view, but i feel it very noise
        Đất Tây Đô Travel: Ok
        can lee han: Good
        Nhựt Tín Phạm Trần: Milk tea so deliciuos, but not free water..
        Võ Thành Khõe: Good
        Lê Minh Trí: Ok. Good
        Thu Huy: First time in Can Tho city
        Luu Vinh: Ok
        Linh Trần Xuân Nhật: Ok!
        Thiên ÂN Trần Đinh: Sweet.,!
        Đại Nguyễn: Ok
        Nhật Mai Trần Lâm: Good experience as always
        SUNNIN VN: Good
        Đ ă n g: Ok
        thanh thuận Phan: Ok
        Do Van Vu: Good
        Chi Ngon Nguyen: Nice place for coffee
        Phuong Duong: Nice space
        huỳnh lê: good service
        Tien Nguyen: So beautiful
        shih chun Wang: no.1 milk tea
        Huy Hoàng - Giá cá nước ngọt: Good place
        Van Tai Ngo: Good place
        Trung Kiên Nguyên: My friend hasn't been to PL for a long time so he didn't know where to go to ask for water. 3 cups of matcha milk tea (L) Oolong milk tea (L) Strawberry oolong tea (L). The staff said, sir, we're temporarily out of toppings, so I'll CHANGE the plan cake for you... if a person drinks regular PL, we'll know that the milk tea won't have toppings. But if a person like my friend goes out to drink once in a while, he will think it's all the toppings in milk tea, so he changes to banh plan. Employees like that are like cheating customers. It's very annoying when employees run KPIs regardless. If people need it, they will call for more, but this is misleading people. Order 2 more plan cakes for an additional 40k
        Nancy travelwith: The problem here is probably too much parking. A few years ago, I parked in a nearby alley. A few months ago, I saw that I could park in front of the gate, but there probably isn't much parking for cars. I find the milk tea brewed to be richer than what I drink in America 🤣 and the tea is also delicious. I only go to this branch every once in a while because the space is spacious so talking with friends is comfortable 👍🏻
        Phuong Nguyen: Oh wait, 3 cups gives exactly 1 big bag of marbles. Don't leave the spoon in. This time, I don't know how many times I've been subjected to this kind of inconsiderate behavior. Price is 5 stars but quality is 1 star.
        Thanh Thanh: Drinking lucky tea is really bad. It's so sweet, but it's harsh even though I ordered a less sweet dish. Smells of syrup a lot. Lychee or longan or something like canned food is boring and bland. The general taste does not smell like tea or lychee or longan. Just smells of syrup.
        Hermione Nguyen: Fan Phuc Long, in Saigon I drink Phuc Long more than water. When I come here, I invite my family to go to milk tea and order some signature dishes but it's all like water. There is no dish that can be called okay, let alone delicious. CRITICAL very much. Every dish is bad, not just any dish. The shop should review the recipe to make adjustments. If the recipe is the same as some shops in SG, you should check with the bartender. When it comes to peach tea and lychee tea, if it's not good then anything can be good.
The parking lot is full but the security guard does not actively guide customers to park elsewhere (Circle K next door), while the restaurant has many seats but is not full.
An experience couldn't be worse
        Thành Lâm Ngọc: Car parking is a very difficult thing here even when buying a car.
It's very difficult to drive to buy take-out, so the security guard only gave me a place to go inside the counter. When it was my turn, the security guard told me to move the cart and lose the queue. Really disappointed with this service in Phuc Long
        Long Trần: The restaurant has a beautiful location and space, the staff is cheerful, polite and knows how to observe customers. Phuc Long hasn't changed its menu much for drinks for a long time, because it's already delicious. Coming here at noon to avoid the heat or waiting for relatives to go to the supermarket is very reasonable.
        Trân: I'm from Can Tho and have been here a few times before, but this return is actually my last time to this Phuc Long. I had an appointment with a friend to come to the cafe here and I arrived first, my friend arrived later (with the baby). However, when we arrived in front of the parking lot, the security guard did not accept customers on the grounds that there was no place to park motorbikes, but inside the cafe there were many empty tables. I had to run inside to contact the counter staff, the staff told me to wait and then went away. I had to contact 3 staff and had to wait 15 minutes plus running around to find staff to resolve the issue. In the end, the staff gave my friend a parking spot and made me promise that I wouldn't make any more appointments. U are for heaven's sake, let's go get some coffee.

Also, normally cafes have free filtered water or iced tea, but here customers have to buy mineral water to have filtered water to drink.

I think if this situation continues, Phuc Long, please let another unit serve customers.
        Thành Công Thái: Suitable for working and meeting friends but the price is a bit high (because the boss likes to go)
        Pía Trần đức: Spacious, airy and luxurious space. The toilet has a lot of mosquitoes🥲
        Olivia Le: I feel like the drinks don't seem as good as PL in Saigon. It's too thin and not rich
        Ngọc Ngân Lê Thái: Today, my group and I drank water here. Before that, it was ok, but around 10 p.m., the guys cleaned up VERY LOUDLY, feeling like they wanted to chase away the guests. Besides my table, there were about 4-5 tables still sitting, and I also heard other tables discussing the same thing. I see that the restaurant closes at 10:30 p.m. If it's late, the staff should notify the customers instead of tormenting them like that. I go here often but rarely stay this late. This is a truly disappointing experience at the restaurant. I hope the shop can read and improve.
        Nguyễn Đỗ Xuân Lộc: The shop is spacious, there are many more beautiful girls in the evening, so choose a corner to admire them
        Tấn Tiền Triệu: First is the parking space, front and rear. If there's a lot of traffic ahead, you can drive a little, turn right into the alley and you'll see the parking lot. When it's full, you'll have to wait a bit before you can get in 😂😂
Since coming to Can Tho, I've been visiting about twice a week, the space is comfortable (- when it's a bit crowded, it's quite noisy), and there are full power outlets.
Enthusiastic and cheerful staff.
As for food and drinks, there are no problems, the tea is always rich =))))
        trung le: The shop doesn't have parking, even though it's crowded, telling customers to find their own place to park is really confusing.
        Velunstore Toys: There's no need to argue about the quality of Phuc Long drinks, but after drinking it, I get a little sleepless😅 Good service, polite staff. This Phuc Long restaurant space is my favorite place, unlike other branches that are somewhat smaller and more cramped, the space here is extremely airy, with air-conditioned indoor and outdoor spaces, each place has a power outlet. . However, the power outlet fell out in the wrong place. It seems not very safe. I hope the restaurant can fix this to improve safety for customers every time they need to use the power outlet.
        Anh Quan: Water is not special, the price is getting higher and higher. When I go to buy drinks to take home, I'm not allowed to park my car in front of the shop, I have to go to the back to park it. The staff is brainless and doesn't know how to read and understand. Order 2 glasses, clearly state 1 glass with ice, 1 glass without ice, 2 glasses without ice. How many times has it happened, not just once? I hope the restaurant will close quickly, trash
        Tran Nhi: Too bad . A customer from the newly opened restaurant until now.  Due to parking lot. The parking lot is full but does not accept customers even though there are tables inside. Unacceptable protective attitude. Just move the car and you will have 1 car left without moving. Sometimes pointing to the parking lot, sometimes pointing outside, I said full without even apologizing to the customer :) Goodbye
        Tuấn Phan Văn: The restaurant space is chill, spacious and feels very luxurious. For the price, what you get is really worth it.
Spacious space suitable for gathering with families and groups of friends. There are both wide tables and single tables. However, if you choose it as a meeting place for work or study groups, it is not the most ideal. As for studying and working alone, it's fine.
The shop has a parking space in the alley for motorbikes, a little far away, quite spacious and has a parking attendant.
        Trần Thanh Bình: The shop is located diagonally across Luong The Vinh Secondary School. Right on April 30 Street - one of the main roads of Ninh Kieu District. The shop is designed with many large glass panes and receives beautiful sunlight. Modern decorated space. There are many angles to take photos to check in. Near each table there are convenient power outlets for charging phones or laptops for group or individual work. The shop doesn't have too many places to park cars, but it does rent additional parking spaces for motorbikes.
        Bobo Bear: The menu is diverse, the drinks are delicious, and there are cakes. Espresso is only hot, needs to be added with ice according to many people's taste. Five-spice mooncakes are very delicious. Cappuccino and latte coffees are very attractive and worth enjoying, the cream is not too fatty.
Attractive architectural space, tall and wide combined with split levels. The stairs are designed to suit water circulation. Fast, enthusiastic, attentive, friendly service. Bright light, no sunlight. Air conditioning is cool, not too cold. Strong Wi-Fi, can work online at the shop. The toilet is clean and has enough amenities for customers.
The garage is not adjacent to the shop, so it has to be 50 meters further back into the alley. Inconvenient when it's hot or rainy. The security guard should take the car out to the customer.
        Thảo Trần: I would like to ask Phuc Long to have a solution when the shop has a power outage, the staff just walks around cleaning without saying anything to customers. I've only been here for less than an hour and the power has already gone out. I'm so bored with Phuc Long.
        Trâm Phạm: Lazy security guard (someone with a condescending voice)...it was extremely sunny, the parking lot was empty but he forced customers to park in the back lot. At the water counter, staff are more concerned with filling online orders than delivering water to customers at the shop
        Sử Lê: Water-space-service ok. Security guard only (1st time: prioritize playing games and press the phone to let customers in. 2nd time: bad attitude, customers ask and answer superficially, I can lead the car myself but it's an eyesore for customers. Last time 3: same as 2 times before). Negative point
        Du Huynh Tan: The restaurant space is spacious, with many seats. The staff are cute and polite and the water is done quite quickly, but it seems that the number of staff is quite small so they only stand at the counter so the table is cleared quite slowly. Delicious drinking water.
        Trần Như Duy: The number of customers waiting to order is large.

The shop has a power outlet for customers to charge, but nearly half of the upstairs cannot be charged.
Toilets are small, they easily retain bad odors, and the toilets are not always clean.

The staff was unlucky, sometimes very polite, other times they gave me things and then turned away without looking.
I think I came to Phuc Long to buy drinks so I was considered a guest, not some beggar for alms.
The tables and chairs were messy and there was no staff to arrange them.

There is no staff upstairs. If you need anything, you have to go downstairs, which is very inconvenient.

There is a place on the side of the wall adjacent to Pharmacity that is seeped and damaged but cannot be repaired. The pillar next to it looks like it's leaking water and has algae all over it, looking patchy and unsightly.

When ordering, in addition to giving the number to the staff, you also have to give an invoice. I feel this management method is a bit inconvenient for the customer.
While the IT team can integrate invoice management linked to cards waiting to be delivered to customers, Phuc Long chooses this inconvenient way.

While writing the review, the water melted and I had to go to another restaurant to drink it.
So disappointing, I can't rate it more stars
        MinhDuc NguyenHoang (Tom Béo): The milk tea shop is still ok. The frontage is large, beautiful and spacious and airy. There is a separate smoking space.
If you park your car, go across the street to An Thanh Church.
There are some staff outside to welcome customers who are not very good about parking. Because when I drove up to buy takeout, no one came to ask and give instructions. While many staff were standing right there, waiting. It wasn't until I put my car in, so as not to avoid motorbikes coming in and out. Then I came out and said that parking is prohibited here, even though there was no prohibition sign. Then later, I said that the shop manager wouldn't let me park. I have to go around to the other side, which is a bit time-consuming.
But the restaurant is still ok, nothing bad at all.
        My Quang Tuyet: Having business trip in Can Tho, Phuc Long is my top of mind. The space is an ideal place for working.

The shop's space is good and beautiful, the milk tea is rich in flavor, and the staff is agile. There are quite a few toppings. Wifi is fine.

One place I don't like is that Phuc Long doesn't serve filtered water 🥲
        bo bui: There is no parking space, it seems like there is no need for customers, while there are still plenty of table chairs
        Duc Duy Pham: ✅ The restaurant space is very large, with outdoor, indoor, and open space with a sunroof inside. Although the restaurant is crowded, there is no sound disturbance, the design minimizes noise well.
✅ Diverse drinks, many choices, cakes and tea bags sold
✅ This is a self-service restaurant, drinks are served quickly
✅ The price is suitable for the service and experience received
⛔️Some tables have power sockets, some tables don't
        SiVa Tran: I don't know if anyone else has had the same problem as me. This is the third time I've had this problem, so it's probably not by accident but on purpose. Even though the shop has just opened a lot, I'm still loyal to PL, but until now I I was quite disappointed. I went on April 30 and sat down to drink for a while. My friend and I went to take pictures. Then after about 5-10 minutes, when I came back, everything on my table was gone. At first, I thought it wouldn't be a problem, and then again. Both of us felt dissatisfied. Today my friend and I deliberately left glasses, car keys and even snacks, but we left after 5 minutes and came back and the table was still empty. I was very upset. When I went back to ask at the order counter, I got an answer. Quite disappointed and irresponsible, the interviewer told me a rule that when an empty table had to be cleaned up, I said I still had to leave the furniture intact but why did I get rid of it, the guys responded very nonchalantly and said water and food. I even let you take it back while you guys collect the water with the other glasses and put it in the same place on the lid of the trash can. I said I'm no longer interested in sitting and let me have my keys and glasses back. You guys didn't even ask. any error. Disappointment more disappointment.
        Lượng Hồ (Victor): Personally, this is the first time I've seen such a big Phuc Long. The Can Tho team invested too much, the space is very spacious with many private seats to relax and decorated very beautifully and modernly. The shop also has a separate space for customers to smoke with very cool green trees. The water has been delicious since ancient times. Especially herbal tea and jasmine tea
        Trần Hữu Nghĩa (MarChicken): Luxurious restaurant
Good, friendly service
The space inside is spacious, beautiful view, there are 2 floors of space upstairs and ground floor.
The restaurant is famous, attracts many young people, the wait for water is a bit long.
Delicious drinks, prices range from 45-60k.
Suitable for outings and groups of friends
        Huy Lê: Nice location, but a bit difficult to park a car. The space is beautiful, typical of Phuc Long, one of the Phuc Long branches in Can Tho with the most comfortable sitting space, however the upstairs area has quite weak air conditioning, many electrical outlets do not work.
        Nguyen Kavin: The staff later on was so bad. When I bought it, I told them not to put it on ice, but then took it out and still delivered it to the customer
Once we sat down to drink at the same place, we waited for a long time and then asked what age the water came from, but we didn't say a word
        Long Phan: As soon as I entered the shop, I could smell the aroma of tea. The shop has a beautiful, solemn and airy background. The tea has a unique and delicious taste. However, having to park the car far in the alley and wading out is a bit time-consuming.
        Thang Nguyen Viet: The newly opened restaurant is very crowded, it takes a while to get water. The space is very spacious and looks very luxurious, the service staff is also very enthusiastic. The water is the same as in SG, still delicious ^^.
        Diễm Hằng Đinh Thị: Phuc Long has returned to Can Tho with long-standing expectations.
The advantage is that the space is quite nice and comfortable, located in front of 30/4 street and the price is not inferior to Saigon. But in my personal opinion, in addition to the advantages that are very suitable for Can Tho, the taste is less rich, why?
I'm not sure if it's because I'm mistaken or because I expect too much from the flavors in Can Tho.
I don't know if the feeling of Phuc Long flavor in HCM makes me feel any wrong when I think that in Can Tho things are not as expected.
Hopefully in the near future, if I come back to drink PL again, I can still feel the rich taste that I used to drink in Saigon and no longer have to order it from SG.
        Nguyên Mây: 🎉The first Phuc Long in the capital of the Southwest region - Phuc Long Can Tho would like to welcome you!!!

📍 Phuc Long Can Tho - 384 April 30 Street, Hung Loi Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho City

#PhucLongCoffeeandTea #PhucLong48th #PhucLongCanTho
        mami: When it first opened, it was always full and we couldn't even park our bikes. Lately, it's been crowded depending on the time of day, but it's calm. Drinks are not cheap at around 50K. The design reminds me of Brooklyn. As long as there are cafe chains like Phuc Long, I think it will be difficult for Starbucks to enter Can Tho. Almost every seat has an outlet.
        Thái Thảo Võ: Always so big.
I tried the cake for the third time. Still very bad. However, the water is quite stable. When I paid for Grabmoca, there was no QR code to pay. Don't know when it will be updated.
Wifi is very good, everyone. Not to make up for Phuc Long in Saigon, the network is extremely unstable.
Toilets are limited and crowded, so we should increase the number of toilets, huhu.
        Annie Hoang: Today, my friend's car unfortunately forgot to turn off the car's engine and the battery ran out 🥲 I told the security guys that they were lucky, but the guy took my car to charge and was so enthusiastic 😍 5 stars 🥰
        Quốc Kiệt: Delicious water, reasonable price, suitable space for studying, working or meeting with friends, everyone😚
        Duong Pham: The space is okay and cool, but the restroom is shabby, terribly dirty, and the door latch can't be installed in the women's restroom
        Nguyen Tran: The restaurant has a beautiful space, but the facilities are extremely degraded, the toilet has a smell, is degraded, the electric charger cannot be charged, the tables and chairs are broken.
        trang NGUYEN: Ok staff. Enjoy delicious water
        Duy Nguyen: What kind of restaurant has poor hygiene and too many mosquitoes? I suggest the manager reconsider.
        Anh Do: Space with many trees and many separate areas.
The design is more elegant and beautiful than many other branches in Ho Chi Minh City.
Drinking water mixed well, according to requirements.
There are quiet corners where you can sit and read a book or work.
Space 10 VND.
        Nguyễn Quốc Đăng: The menu is rich, the drinks are delicious and the cakes are even more delicious. The restaurant space is very airy and luxuriously decorated. Suitable for group meetings, families....
        Lê Thị Thủy Tiên: A place to study and work for everyone. Great space and seating. Reasonable price
        Anh Văn Hoàng Vân: The view is luxurious and genuine, the milk tea has a strong tea flavor and is very delicious. Enthusiastic staff.
        Lợi Lê: I had a pretty bad experience with the Phuc Long branch on April 30, Can Tho; I came to park my car and didn't let them in to say that the police fined me but they were allowed to park 2-3 cars encroaching on the road? (Even though my family was sitting and drinking inside, there were tables and members of the lowest class). If you don't want to receive more guests, you should limit the table, but if you show too much and don't allow parking, then what should you do?
        Phạm Trung Hiếu: Ideal place to meet friends for coffee and milk tea. The space is very airy and clean, the decoration is pleasing to the eye, suitable for young people. The drinks are quite ok, I like the milk tea here. The service staff is quite enthusiastic. Even though there are many customers, they are still agile and welcoming to customers. Drink prices are a bit higher than other places but overall they are suitable for the space and style of the shop. What I don't like is that the front parking lot has too few parking spaces. If you go to the back parking lot, it's quite far, especially when it's sunny. Will come back to support the shop ^^
        Quỳnh Anh Nguyễn: Food and drinks are not cheap, but there is no service. When guests come in, there is no staff to clean the table, guests clean the table themselves :)))
Facilities are degraded, there are 4 electrical outlets upstairs that have no electricity :)))
Not flexible, I sat upstairs and brought my card down to get a drink but forgot to bring the receipt. I had to run back upstairs to get the receipt to get a drink. I didn't get service when I went to the restaurant, but I found it so rude that I decided not to come back again.
At this price, I would go to The Coffee House and it would be better
        Thy Nguyễn: I really like the space and decoration of the restaurant, very airy and beautiful. Delicious drinks, enthusiastic staff
        Duyên Lê: The feeling of just opening the door and entering is the smell of fragrant tea. Phuc Long milk tea is delicious, the ordering staff is cute, the shop space is spacious, comfortable tables and chairs with power outlets for laptop work.
        Na Nguyễn: + Phuc Long uses paper cups and paper straws, which are environmentally friendly. Although there are some dishes that require the use of plastic cups, most are paper cups.
+ Phuc Long milk tea taste is not too sweet, not too fatty. In general, it's just right.
+ Phuc Long's cakes are also delicious
+ During the Covid epidemic season, staff receive money from customers by pulling the pulley of the money box. Quite creative.

- The restaurant's parking lot is a bit far from the restaurant. It's okay to go at night. If you go walking at noon, the sun will burn your fat :)))
- The shop doesn't have music. Maybe it's too noisy so I don't turn on the music
- The middle area of the restaurant, outdoor space, has a bit of mosquitoes.
- I think the restaurant should put a sticker to cover the glass part of the stairs to avoid being watched by girls wearing dresses/skirts going up.
        Tuyến Lê: It's more appropriate to go to a meeting with friends and groups to chat than to come to study or work. Because the space is quite crowded and of course noisy. Still like the space here. Spacious, comfortable seats.

Diverse drink menu. Very delicious.
        Văn Quế Official: With such a price range, the restaurant is too bad
Bad from parking to service
I've never been to a restaurant as bad as this one, losing to a roadside restaurant 👎🏻 …
        Thuong Nguyen: This shop was formerly The Coffee house. It's been a year since I returned to CT, so much has changed. It's natural to feel sad
        Minh Anh: Warm, quiet space in the midst of the bustling, luxurious winter in Can Tho. The drinks are delicious and the service attitude is cheerful and enthusiastic. The restroom is modern and always clean
        Ngọc Thảo Nguyễn Thái: The restaurant lacked a dish but arbitrarily changed it without asking the customer's opinion
        Dien Dominico: Temporary drink. Nvs upstairs is a bit inconvenient. Poor wifi. Airy space. Clean. Service ok.
        Thiên Thanh: Spacious, comfortable space to chat with friends. Phuc Long milk tea is delicious, fragrant, less sweet and less fatty
        HUYỀN TRUNG TÂM NHẬT NGỮ MIDORI: You can use samsung's promotional code so you can visit it from time to time. The staff is also very enthusiastic, the space is very airy.
        Cẩm Tú Nguyễn: The security guards only have eyes to see, but they don't have arms or legs. Table and chair space is terrible
        Tuấn Thanh: The first time I walked nearly 3km to enjoy Phuc Long, the taste was a bit different from where I was
        Cami: I just stopped by this morning and it may be the last time I visit Phuc Long. I no longer need to drink Phuc Long anymore. If you don't want to have a bad day and an unpleasant experience, don't come here. Through consulting and reading reviews, many people have had similar experiences:
- When I went to park in the front lot, the security guard called for assistance and showed me where to park (motorbike). Then I went to the parking lot and asked - the security guard told me to park in the back.
- When I ran around to the back lot, the security guard behind me didn't acknowledge me, told me there was no more space and then went out first, and didn't give me parking instructions. Guests come to pay for drinks, not to ask for free parking
- Running around to the front, the security guard replied that there was no parking space, "If you drink coffee, the shop will accept it, but they won't let you park your car. There's no more space. If you park on the sidewalk, the police will fine you and the security guard will have to pay it, so you don't accept it." The hospital said: you can go to another place to park the car and then walk over to drink, but they won't accept the car anymore???

Since when does drinking coffee have to be like begging to get out of the car?
Will not come back and will advise all acquaintances to give up Phuc Long
        28.Thái Nguyễn: Delicious food, good service, H Phong + C Dao
        Minh Lương: The space is great, the water quality is Phuc Long's, the staff is terrible, I came in to order water and cake, walked around and didn't see a WC. When I went to the counter to ask, the staff said "go upstairs".
Go to the counter to get water; Bought 2 cakes, only got 1 cake, when you checked it, took out the box, took 1 more cake and said "hey". No apology... Phuc Long's staff training is really boring
        Con Heo: Careless, superficial attitude, making dishes out of order
        Thu Hoai: Bought a cup of milk tea and waited 40 minutes while the shop was not crowded. The staff called out all the black tea, asked me to wait, then said he found black tea on the counter. While my cup of tea was being finished, he didn't ring the bell for me to get it. When he asked, he said he was making it. A very bad experience at Phuc Long. Drink it once and never twice.
        Phạm Hoài Bảo: I've drank it many times ^^ the tea is delicious but now I know that machine-brewed coffee (Americano) sucks 😅 …
        Nguyễn Nghĩa Sơn: Delicious brewed water
A ratio of 30-50% sugar is too good
        Chi Đinh: There is a place to park motorbikes but they are not allowed to park and are forced to run somewhere else to park. Say goodbye to PL from here
        Kimcuong Trinh: I ordered jasmine oolong milk tea, crushed ice Oreo and cake to go. The staff member asked if I had any extra toppings, can I get dac seeds? I said yes. The employee said the cardholder was techcombank and got a 20k discount. I asked for the wifi password but couldn't get in. I said let's just pay in cash because there were customers in line behind me. There's nothing worth mentioning when you order one thing and get it done another. Dr. Olong jasmine becomes ts olong and has no pearls. The restaurant's wifi is huge, but customers can't log in. Bad experience
        Như Liêu: The restaurant's space is comfortable, the drinks are delicious, but the parking lot is quite far away, which is inconvenient.
        PT CẦN THƠ: Let customers wait 20 minutes for 1 glass of alcohol. You were late making nkac's CV! You take away customers' time in a cruel, unconscionable way! I tell you guys, you have to say sorry when you keep customers waiting too long! Do you understand!????I will never drink your water again! Especially the manager who produces very childish and ignorant things! Please open your mouth and say sorry!!!!! Well-educated people will not be silent!
        Trúc Linh Trúc Linh: Delicious water, reasonable price compared to the average of big brands. Beautiful and luxurious space. Staff orders quickly and enthusiastically. There is only a small yard in front of the shop, so there is not enough parking, you have to go to the car park far away in the alley next to the shop.
        YE 43 Hoàng Khương: The restaurant is decorated very beautifully, there are a lot of customers,,,, suitable for dates,, and taking virtual photos,, the service staff is very dedicated,, All kinds of food and drinks
All kinds of sweet and savory cakes
Door-to-door delivery service
        EVNSPC: THE SEWER SMELL IS TERRIBLE
Service is very bad: customers have to walk around wasting time, can't drink a cup of tea for more than 30 minutes - forget to answer; Forcing additional water delivery bills; Tables were extremely dirty; broken flower pot; dirty napkins left over; ... only the beautiful starfruit tree
SHOULD STAY AWAY BECAUSE PRICES ARE TOO HIGH AND DIRTY.

THE SEWER SMELL IS HORRIBLE
Service is very bad: customers have to walk around wasting time, can't drink a cup of tea for more than 30 minutes - forget to answer; Forcing additional water delivery bills; Tables were extremely dirty; broken flower pot; dirty napkins left over; ... only beautiful star fruit trees
SHOULD STAY AWAY BECAUSE PRICES ARE TOO HIGH AND DIRTY.
        Duyen Tran: The drink is a bit sweet. The staff were attentive and the drinks came out quickly. The restaurant is large and always crowded.
        Huyền Linh Hồ: I asked for a tissue very politely, but the staff was very rude.
        Nam Truong Phuong: Strong tea flavor.
Drinks are also made quite quickly.
The restaurant has two floors, no cockroaches, and the restaurant is beautiful.
Spacious parking lot.
        Trang Huỳnh: I've been to the restaurant more than 3 times, but every time the security guard said there was no parking space and no more customers were accepted. If you want to come in for a drink, sit outside and wait for customers to come out. There will be a parking space before accepting customers. While I'm the one buying the service, I feel like I'm asking for it. Although there are still many empty tables inside the restaurant. The cars outside can be placed a little closer together, which can leave 1-2 extra parking spaces. The service must be too BAD.
        Trinh Tôn: No. 184, 30/4 Street, Xuan Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho City
Super beautiful view, delicious milk tea, enthusiastic staff even though the restaurant is crowded
        1107 V Y: The security guard talked rudely to customers, went twice, each time did not accept customers because there was no parking space, and talked very unpleasantly.
        Thuý Đoàn: The tea tastes fragrant, can be addictive, quite good, the space is not very standard
        Yến Nhi Lê: Delicious drinks, enthusiastic staff, only the security guard who kept the car had a very strange attitude. I went with 2 people (1 motorbike), the security guard outside first only went to the side of the alley to park the car, when I got there, The old security guard shook his hand and said there was no more space, while I saw that there was still room for about 3 more cars, it was just that the car arrangement was messy, besides that, he didn't have the attitude of needing customers at all. Everything is fine, but defending like that is no different from being evicted There are no customers, and I've heard other people have the same problem, not just me, so hopefully the shop can improve.
        Tú Phương: The shop makes fast, good quality
        Trần Đoàn Phong: The restaurant is spacious but the drinks are a bit bland
        Thơ Võ: Security attitude is not good, parking space is too small. While my friend came in, there was already a table, but the security guard still couldn't arrange a parking space and his attitude, ordering drinks was joking. In general, staff attitudes are extremely bad
        Trang Nguyen: This is my wife's first time going to PL, I would like to give this 1 star to the GUARDIAN of the shop. My wife just arrived and a few customers took their cars to leave. My husband planned to drive into the empty space where the customers had just left. The restaurant still had a lot of tables and plenty of parking space. The security guard sat with his feet up, playing with his phone, directing his wife to run to the back of the shop with a condescending attitude, like he was asking for a drink. There is no shortage of water shops in Can Tho, so I have to drink at a shop with a "cute" security guard like this one. I hope PL management will consider this comment
        THIÊN TƯỜNG TRẦN: Belonging to the famous Phuc Long tea system, the shop's design has a new but not strange style: still following the motif of self-service cafes. The space is large and vibrant, the drinks are quite flavorful.
        Quỳnh Nguyễn: At 10-11 a.m. on April 21, 2024. My mother and I stopped by Phuc Long, Ninh Kieu District, to drink. The security guard told me "there's no parking space". I asked the security guard when there would be a parking space. The security guard said, "It will take about an hour until other guests leave before there will be a parking space." At that time, I looked towards the parking lot and there was an SH car parked across the sidewalk and I politely asked the security guard, "Can I park behind this SH?" The security guard said, "This is a sidewalk for people to walk on. My salary is only 3-4 million. If I passed, my boss would scold me to death." With a very clever attitude of chasing away guests, it was like my mother and I didn't have enough money to come in for a drink so we talked in such a playful tone like children.
        Thái Nguyễn: The class is different, oolong milk tea is very good.

The parking lot for motorbikes is small, they have to be sent far away, there is no room for cars, they have to be temporarily parked elsewhere, there is no one to look after them. Wider and more airy than the branches in Can Tho
        VISOS: too expensive compared to the service, order by yourself, then give the card to go upstairs, it vibrates, go down to get it yourself, the price is too high, it's just a glass of water.
        Sơn Bùi Thế: - Come to Phuc Long Can Tho and work very efficiently.
- Order a cocktail, prepare the drink quickly, the taste is light, astringent, sour, sweet and served with 5 types of chopped fruit, it's really delicious. Worth enjoying!
- The restaurant space is stable, modern, cool, and has harmonious lighting.
- Soft, gentle background music, great sound quality.
- Dedicated, professional, handsome and beautiful staff.
- The manager who wears glasses is handsome, super cute, answers questions enthusiastically, his management style is so good!
- The parking lot is 30m away, I see many people complain about this, but I think it's good, walking a little exercise into the restaurant to enjoy will be more delicious, so that the space in front of the restaurant is airy, suitable for Western style. like Phuc Long.
Thank you Phuc Long for a poetic afternoon!
        Văn Tài Nguyễn: I really like the taste of Phuc Long's milk tea, especially the store has a variety of teas and coffees to introduce and sell to customers in need, at acceptable prices.
        iamshin: Nice shop, chill space, delicious drinks, prices compared to space and quality are very cheap, parking lot, clean toilets....
        Hoang Oanh Nguyen: Sometimes it's loud, sometimes it's not, I wish the music was a little quieter
        Phùng Bảo Xuyên: The space of Phuc Long restaurant in Can Tho is quite spacious and airy. Phuc Long milk tea is delicious, rich in tea flavor.
        Ân Bùi Thừa: Customer service is BAD.
There is no parking, forcing customers to wait outside in the sun.
If a restaurant runs out of parking space, it can stop accepting customers, but it will still accept customers and make them wait outside in the sun.
        Pham Hieu Dat (Phạm Hiếu Đạt): The restaurant has many tables to give people the feeling that there is still room. Then when I went in, I went in first and my friend had to stay outside because there was no parking space. Although there are still many tables left.
After finishing, I had to go home and sit at the sidewalk restaurant.
Bad
        Anh Phương: Delicious water, friendly staff
        Trường Trần hiếu: The water is delicious, the restaurant has a cool and airy space, it's beautiful and sophisticated, but it's not taken care of very well, the management and staff are all too poor, ordering 1 glass of water and waiting for nearly 40 minutes, too bad, the staff is worried about gossiping with each other. They're extremely good and take a long time to make drinks. This shop has probably the worst staff in the entire West
        Chu Nguyen The Hoang: Diverse drinks. There are dishes that are very delicious and easy to drink, suitable for most tastes, which I recommend trying, such as O Long milk tea, Lucky Tea, and Vai tea. As for the rest, I don't recommend it because each person's taste will have different opinions. There are cakes to serve with which are quite satisfactory.
The space is spacious and airy, with motorbike parking. There are about 4 cars parked right in front so it will be difficult if there is no more parking space. You can park on the opposite side of the street and walk across.
Enthusiastic staff, accurate dishes.
        Duy Quoc: Phuc Long. A famous brand. From Saigon. Passing through Hanoi. Now back to the city. Can Tho.
PL milk tea has strong tea flavor.
        Ho Le Quang: Spacious space, delicious drinks
        ngoc y le ha: The space is cool, wide and airy
        Đăng Lê: The crowded staff standing at the counter of 7~8 people worried about making noise and not paying attention to the water, sitting and waiting for a glass of water was uncomfortable.  Need to fix. too noisy
        Đạt Nè: Strawberry oolong tea and Phuc Long milk tea are two dishes you should order when coming here, drink 1 cup to stay awake all day. The restaurant space is spacious, airy and super beautiful.
        Giang Nguyễn: Delicious milk tea! Cool space! Convenient to work and chat
        Tố Ngọc: Delicious drinks, good service staff, great
        Nguyễn Thanh Nam: The shop is nice and clean.
The drinks are delicious. You already know more or less about the price.
Good service.
        Van Lam: This time I was very DISAPPOINTED about the Phuc Long milk tea. I bought a glass of milk tea and took it home for 45k and asked for white pearls, so I added 15 to the total for 65k. If I bought it to drink, I didn't see any white pearls. It's just milk tea, not to mention the service of waiting for more than 15 minutes to deliver, it takes a long time and costs 65k from TAO but the service is like a giant saying the address to avoid 4/30 STREET. CAN THO has no system. THIS TIME WILL NOT GO BACK!!
        Nguyen Van Trong Di B2104473: The service staff is very enthusiastic, a worthy place for young people to experience chatting or studying 🍀🍀
        Đờ Phiu Dắc: To be honest, every time I flong 30/4 I feel uncomfortable. If you don't wait 20-30 minutes, you will be treated with the attitude of some grandfathers who work as security guards :))

Otherwise, I would sit and listen to people gossiping about heaven and earth, the whole room would be filled with excitement 🤣🤣 and whatever country gets done, it's done. Hhhh. Cute. So if there is 0*, I will give it away.
        Tram M.I.B: Nice space, normal drinks, a bit noisy
        Lễ Nguyễn Thứ: The security guard did not arrange cars for guests and spoke rudely. Notifying the customer that the car is missing is their own responsibility. Never visit this branch again
        LUU DUYEN NGUYEN: I like drinking coffee here, it's fragrant but to me it's a bit sweet.
        Ngô Tú Anh: The restaurant has a separate outside dining area.
        Thẩm Đoàn Thanh Thân: The shop is airy, spacious and has a beautiful view for those who like to take photos
        Tan Nguyen: Delicious and classy drinks, the restaurant pays great attention to cleanliness and a comfortable, brand-friendly space. Ok
        Tòn Ten: The restaurant is quite large, but the space is a bit dark.
The music is loud so it's a bit noisy.
Water is okay but a bit expensive.
The staff is not very friendly because it takes quite a while to order.
        Lucas Do: Waited 50 minutes but still no order, order was not in customer's order. I went in and waited for 50 minutes, but there was no water, but the shoppee came in and took it out right away. The tables and chairs were not cleaned upstairs and down. The whole store was large with only 3 people selling, too bad.
        Phương Nguyễn: Bought coffee but didn't ask what size the customer got, the table wasn't cleared when a new customer came in
        Minh Thuận Đỗ: Ok restaurant, hope there will be more Phuc Long in CT
        Too Too: 1: The restaurant's hygiene is very poor, the table is cracked, the glass of water is still on the table, when you buy a glass of water for 55k you have to clean it yourself?
2: Not safe when using electricity, broken electrical outlets, broken wires, missing protective covers a lot, almost 90% of electrical outlets are as shown.
3: There's no electricity, there's no electrical outlet upstairs, but the staff doesn't say a word, which is very inconvenient.
In short, service = 0, 1 cannot return 🙂
        SNC Dreamvolts: Spacious restaurant, fast service
        Công Văn Phan: Tea-flavored drink
The restaurant is beautiful and luxurious
Rush hour is a bit noisy
        Khoi Minh: I entered the shop at 8:52 p.m., there was an order for iced milk filter, the staff said it was all gone, then changed to an order for Phuc Long tea, the staff also reported it was gone.
I don't know if it was because the restaurant was too crowded before, or because the ingredients weren't prepared in time, or because of some objective reason
But it was disappointing when a large branch on April 30 ran out of food (while I looked at the coffee beans still on the machine).
Hope the shop fixes it
        Kristina Julia: Beautiful view with a very chill outdoor view. Drinks in Phuc Long are great
        Trần Trọng Anh Tuấn: If you go out drinking, you'll know why it's always crowded. Delicious drinks worth the price.
        Sol Yaang: Do not open the upstairs area. The power outlet has no power. There is no filtered water counter. The tables and chairs felt like they weren't arranged or cleaned carefully
Going to a restaurant and spending money to buy water for 50, 60k to work, but in return for services like that "preventing customers from sitting for a long time" like that, is that disrespecting the customers?
        Hồng Vân Diệp: When I experienced the service at Phuc Long Can Tho on April 30, the service was quite bad. While waiting to get water, I asked the toilet attendant where he was and he answered as if shouting at me: "upstairs". The staff upstairs was also quite inconvenient, my water was okay and my friend said the milk tea was very sweet, I must say it was bitterly sweet. I think the staff is even worse than the PL staff in Rach Gia :))
        Bach Kim Tran Nguyen: The restaurant is beautiful, the water is delicious, very ok
        Nhi Nhỏ: The management is so bad, ask first if there is still a discussion or not. After parking the car, I walked a long way because the garage was very far. Declaring all kinds of waiting in line to order food. In turn, newspapers are only sold for takeout. The newspaper's attitude was very casual: "Only take-out sales." While the person before me still drank at the bar. Instead of announcing in advance that the table is sold out, we only sell it to take away, so as not to waste customers' time. The staff should have felt it was wrong to let customers wait for so long and then announce that the table was full, but if you just keep your face blank, it makes the customers even more upset. You pay for food and drink, you don't ask for it. But the prices of the chain stores are not cheap either! High price means high quality. Drinks also sometimes have bad dishes. If the drink shop doesn't meet the thirst for refreshment, it's gone. Drinking it will only make your throat feel worse. Last time I came in wearing normal clothes, the person who came to the toilet to see me kept wide-eyed and looked horribly ungainly and obvious. Goodbye Phuc Long Phong Long!
        Hạnh Trương: Phuc Long April 30
Open space, diverse menu, lovely waiters.
        hiếu Trường Trần: Bought 2 cups of tea but waited for half an hour.. the milk tea shop doesn't have ready-made tea so they hire staff to keep the crowd crowded and then they sit and chat and talk nonsense, drinks and things are not prepared so... give up.
        VIETHAI Ho: I came back and asked if there was still a discussion because I was afraid of the epidemic so I limited it. The security guard said there was still room, so I had to send the car very far away. After I went in to declare and wait for the final order, the staff told me the table was full with an attitude like it was of course?! When the discussion is over, please go home?! The way it was handled was so bad it made me extremely uncomfortable! Hope there is a better arrangement!
        Ezra Duan: Water prices may be a bit high for students. In return, the drinks are delicious and there are also attractive cakes. There is air conditioning, spacious tables and chairs, and enthusiastic staff. However, the restaurant is a bit noisy because it is always crowded. There is a separate parking lot connected to the back door of the shop.
        shift to2021: The area from the parking lot to the front lobby is very inconvenient when it rains, there is no roof, the rain pours heavily, when you enter the restaurant you get completely wet, not to mention the lobby where water forms into puddles when it rains, you walk quickly. Many people will slip and fall, so it is urgent to reconsider
        Thanh Toàn: Waited 25 minutes for water to arrive while others who arrived later still got water first. Happily waiting for a glass of water to be brought home.
        Quynh Ta: The shop space is large and quiet because mainly customers work on their laptops and drink coffee.
Bread and water are at a moderate level.
        Khoa Đăng: Delicious milk tea, beautiful decoration...!!!🥰🥰🥰 …
        Văn Võ Hà: Friendly staff
        Phạm Đạt: Nice view, quite spacious, drinks are ok, prices are ok
        Trúc Phạm: This recent experience has been really bad, one day the staff showed their attitude and grumbled in discomfort. As for today, oh well, I ordered before the other two guests, but I had to receive the drinks later, in what order do you order the drinks for the guests? Some of the people who went to the water seemed tired and sluggish, as if it was just a routine. Entering a luxurious space and spending a higher amount of money than other places, the service quality must also be guaranteed. I know PL's quality is very good, but people like this make me feel like I don't want to go into the shop anymore.
        Thái Hưng Nguyễn: The restaurant is decorated beautifully, luxuriously, and the staff is friendly and enthusiastic. Today when I visited the restaurant, it only accepted 30 customers, so if you want to have a seat in the restaurant, come a little early. The shop still sells take away. Delicious drinks, comfortable seating, outdoor area and air conditioning.
        Nguyễn Tuấn Vũ: The space is good, suitable for meeting friends, the drinks are delicious - reasonable prices. But during busy rush hours, you have to wait quite a long time.
Often come here to buy oolong, lotus, and lychee teas to use or as gifts.
        Huy Kiều: light tea, large and luxurious space
        LUAT DINH: On weekends there are many customers but there are too few staff, customers line up long but only one order counter is open. Service is slow, not as good as when it first opened.
        VNPT CAN THO: Coffee is very delicious, the restaurant space is luxurious.
        quân nguyễn: The security guard didn't arrange a car for the customer, probably because he was too lazy, so he told the customer to run through the alley, so he left immediately. The Phuc Long chain is really bad!
        Thắng Nguyễn: The restaurant space is very beautiful, I am very satisfied with the service staff at the restaurant, I often come to work and study
        Song Thuận: The space is spacious and cool, the menu is diverse, the prices are relatively suitable for most urban people, and the drinks are delicious.
Many payment options are very convenient for customers, whether direct cash, credit card or e-wallet..
Is the ideal choice for those who like to live virtually, or simply find a place to avoid the heat but have delicious drinks & snacks to chat with friends..
        Nam Nguyen: Delicious water, comfortable space, but too noisy and service is too slow. The price is super expensive, so it's not a place to visit often.
        Judo. zyU: The staff should be trained on how to talk. They speak empty and ungainly, making customers sound a bit uncomfortable (the male ordered a bill for 3 cups of lychee tea in the morning around 8:30 a.m. on October 24).
        Thuận Phát Nguyễn: Nice restaurant, delicious drinks, minus 1 star because parking is always a pain.
        Trần Khải Nguyên: Drinks are beyond delicious, suitable for families and meeting friends on weekends or holidays.
        Ngọc Nguyễn Văn: Airy space, diverse menu. Suitable for gathering and working
        Hùng Cường Đinh: The ordering staff seems a bit uncomfortable today🥹🥹 hope to fix it 🙂 …
        Phu Nguyễn: The newly rebuilt restaurant is so beautiful and luxurious

place: Phúc Long coffee & tea
    review:
        Ri Cardo: Ordered an iced large coffee. This is what I received.. not one sip taken but not even half way full
        Băng Băng 05. Tôn: Slow service
        Thùy Dương: Spacious space both indoors and outdoors
It's at a shopping mall so it's quite convenient
The drinks are still rich in flavorful tea
        Trang Vo: I was really disappointed when I received 6 glasses of water, all of them had 1/3 of the water spilled out. Not sure how you covered the water so carelessly. The lid doesn't fit the mouth of the cup, but you try to squeeze it to fit so it all comes off.
        Văn Sĩ Lê Kỳ: Phuc Long at this branch is crowded but the service is also very fast. 5 stars!
        Tran Kim: The water is delicious but the restaurant staff is so bad, even though it has a brand name.
        Anh Duy Le: Really dissatisfied with ordering food here.
1/ Staff don't ask customers which size to drink, but default to the large size. Shop staff should proactively ask customers for M/L size, don't automatically upsize for the sake of revenue.
2/ My friend ordered a glass of milk tea with full toppings, the staff pressed +3 types of toppings for 20-25k each => so a glass cost 110-120k. When I looked at the bill and thought it was too much so I spoke up, the employee said he was afraid there would be too many toppings and he wouldn't be able to put in ice and water. You should proactively advise if you see that a customer's order is unusual or unreasonable, because in the end it still comes back to the quality of the drink experience at your store.
        Hồng Khoa: Bad experience with the service at the restaurant when we lost our food and drinks while sitting outside and enjoying them within Phuc Long's branch. We are not allowed to check the cam directly and lost items are not refundable. The beverage chain is irresponsible to customers.
Everyone sitting outside Phuc Long remember to manage your belongings carefully to avoid a situation like me.
        Baby Jolie: The service staff is so bad, when it rains, customers come in to buy and wait, not taking the order but ordering the next person, the customer doesn't answer.
        Thanh Lê (Windy): Made to wait the whole time, then told to stop taking orders for 10 minutes, poor service, should not visit
        Quan Diep: The shop is located on the campus of Sense City
- Location right on the corner of the street so the view is clear and beautiful
- The decoration and recipe of the drinks follow the general pattern so they are similar to other restaurants. Therefore, this detail is not discussed
- One confusing thing is that every time I've been to the restaurant, the restaurant lacks ingredients for mixing
- First time: At 8:00 p.m. I went to buy coffee and the shop said it was out of coffee????
- Next time: At 11am, the shop said it was out of lemon tea
As a Diamond card customer, when I heard this news, I found it very strange????
        Toàn Bùi Huy: A drink with strong tea flavor, those who are addicted to tea should consider it.
Personally, I don't like strong tea, but overall the taste is okay.
The staff automatically uploaded drinks to size L, not giving customers a choice even though the menu had size M-L and I told them to give size M.
Items are made and come out quickly.
The restaurant space is spacious, but coming to the restaurant at noon on Sunday, it was very crowded and a bit noisy.
        Huynh Hieu Travel: The shop is located on the corner of Sense City so it has good views. Cozy space, with seats outside in the hallway.
        Lê Thị Thủy Tiên: We already have the glasses everyone, let's go to PL to order them. Ly is very beautiful. The staff are very wonderful. No expansion. Like it so much
        Thanh Tuyen Nguyen: Nice location, right next to Sencity supermarket.
Professional service staff.
Comfortable view. Delicious drinks - fairly priced
        Truong Hoang Phuong Quyen B2108854: The shop has an airy space, super spacious, very comfortable, okela drinks, cute and extremely enthusiastic staff, very good attitude towards customers, overall a great experience, everyone should try here to enjoy the drinks and many delicious new cakes here.
        Michelle Dinh: The shop is right at the intersection, the space is quite luxurious, right in the sense city supermarket center. The water is delicious but the price is quite high
        Chau Thieu Nguyen: Central location, cool mornings, delicious coffee. Comfortable
        Thanh Van: After it rained, when guests came in and sat down, the staff didn't clean the chairs so they stood all day and then left. Drinks are expensive but not delicious. Service attitude is extremely bad
        Trúc Thanh: The staff is not friendly. The table is too dirty. Overall, very bad
        킴깡모: I was tired of coffee so I ordered lychee juice and it was delicious. I ate it without the fruit above and it was good.
        phong truong: Ideal place to sit. Comfortable. Convenient for shopping without having to go far
        Ho Le Quang: Delicious drinks, reasonable prices, especially with discounted membership cards
        Nhi Nguyen: Delicious drinks + cakes, the employee named Nhu talks sweetly
        09.Ngô Hồng Huỳnh: Delicious cakes and drinks. The employee named Nhu is cute and dedicated
        Dung Dung: Drinks are good, service is not good, paper towels are always not available. Closing at 10:50 p.m. but at 9:50 p.m. the staff reminded them again and cleared the table like they were chasing away customers. The water was soggy as if they were being tortured. Twice a day, once. Used the service for 5 customers but received unsatisfactory results
        Chu Nguyen The Hoang: Located on the ground floor of Sense City supermarket (Coop Mart), the space is relatively airy, quite cramped when crowded.
Diverse drinks, suitable for your taste. I have tried lotus longan tea, the tea taste is quite strong, the longan is fragrant and crispy. In addition, there are cakes of all kinds that are quite attractive. There are also Yogurt and flan for children.
Service staff is enthusiastic and professional.
        Dương Lê: Bad service, asking for paper towels but not having any, closing at 10pm but telling customers to close at 9:50pm, pulling chairs and roaring to show attitude towards customers, often supportive but too disappointed
        Tiến Nguyễn Dũng: Very bad service, no respect for customers, stay away everyone
        Thai Quang Dang: The water glass still contains a lot of ice, making the drink very bland.
The staff kept worrying about recommending cakes to buy together, ordering the wrong thing from the customer's request
        Eliz pham: The service is super bad, the staff should be retrained. Located right in the city center, at 9:50 am, they chase customers away.. not just once but many times, they want customers to leave immediately. Pulling chairs to confront customers.. they are loyal customers. necessary but I am so disappointed with the company's service..
        Hien Nguyen: THE DRINK IS DELICIOUS. THE STAFF IS TOO BAD. Glasses of water are a few tens of thousands and 1 piece of paper towels are NOT available.. WE ARE LOYAL CUSTOMERS BUT THE STAFF ARE TOO BAD. At 9:50 p.m. THE STAFF FOLDED OUT. Pull out the chair to cover the guest's face.
        Sam Pham: Every time I visit this branch of Phuc Long restaurant, I have the impression that there is always not enough staff to make coffee. When ordering milk coffee, the staff always tells me to wait 30 minutes.
I don't know if this is a way of wanting customers to drink coffee instead of tea. But not impressed with this service.
I have supported many of Phuc Long's products, but the fact that you guys asked to drink another drink because there was no staff was not very convincing to me, especially when Phuc Long was signed by Masan group to develop the brand and business efficiency and customer service. For the Ho Chi Minh City area, it was quite ok, but when this brand opened in Can Tho, I found the quality and customer service very different from my expectations.
        Khang Vo Minh: Lovely staff, delicious water
        Thùy Huỳnh: Happy, enthusiastic staff, delicious water.
        shift to2021: In the morning, turn on the music at too high a volume, very noisy. Especially when playing the song If by Vu Cat Tuong over and over again, moaning loudly, it sounds very tiring, the space is cramped compared to the volume of the music. A very bad experience, the staff has no right to increase or decrease the volume, forcing customers to complain in the hope of being noticed???
        quân nguyễn: Extremely bad experience! After waiting for a long time to order, the order was given to someone else first. The staff had an "uneducated" attitude and asked them to clean the table, which was worse than a sidewalk restaurant. Almost all staff and managers of the Phuc Long system are like that. I won't come back again even though I've drank here many times because of the lack of comfortable seating space.
        Linh Nguyễn Trúc: I asked for a glass of filtered water to drink but the staff said it was empty and couldn't give me any water. The staff was not flexible in handling the situation
        Minh Tran: Enthusiastic staff and water quality 10 points
        Nguyen Thuan: Good water quality, friendly and fun staff
        SEOKHOON LIM (Shawn): It's street coffee... it's not cheap... the drinks are okay, but there's no wifi.
        Thư Hồ: The staff service attitude is not good, they do not ask customers to accumulate points before issuing the bill. When customers ask, the female staff has an extremely unpleasant attitude. When I received the water, I forgot to bring Bill to get it, so I slowed down when I received the water and glanced sideways at the customer. I've visited many branches but this is the first time I've seen the staff's attitude being bad. Suggested reconsideration of service (April 24, 2023, around 4:00 pm)
        Ly Nguyễn Võ Khánh: Oolong milk tea is delicious. It's a bit crowded on the weekend and it takes a while to order, but the water comes out delicious. I tried milk coffee, oolong milk tea, and peach tea, and I still like TS oolong the most
The location is right at the 4-way intersection near Ninh Kieu Wharf, so watching the cars passing by is quite fun
There is also an air-conditioned area inside
The white flowers are so beautiful :)))
        Ninh Kiều Bi (BALOSCA BEER EIBAUER): The shop lacks paper towels, has no teeth, the service process is cumbersome and requires unnecessary bills, the coffee is not up to par with the price, the mineral water runs out and says it will be available in a week???
        Truong Nguyen: Nice location, right near Ninh Kieu wharf, crowded but the water is too bad compared to the common level
long in SG, I don't know if it's because of the staff or because the recipe & ingredients are different here, the menu seems a bit different
        Thuan Nguyen: The tea is delicious but a bit too sweet, so ask for less sugar to make it easier to drink. Service ok. The afternoon seating is hot
        Nghia Vo Hieu: Out of 10 orders for o long custard, I can only drink it 1-2 times, and always say it's out of stock. It's the same if you go early in the morning or in the afternoon.
        Chu Hiếu: Nice shop, ideal for coffee with friends or working
        Hà Nguyễn: The employee named Hong Thai has a bad attitude and no communication skills with customers. Unprofessional work
        Quang Minh Hứa: Need to retrain staff on situation handling skills
        cuong tran: The staff is too rude and the service is unprofessional
        Hoàn Vưu Khải: Staff attitude
        Nguyen Thanh Phat B2202839: Great
        Phuong Thanh Tran: The most delicious in the world
        Thuận: The space is a bit hot, even if you go in the evening.
        Bánh Mì: Wide and east
        17.Nguyễn Anh Huy: Unprofessional staff
        Minh Thuận Đỗ: Super noisy
        Quyên Nguyễn Đặng Như: The staff is so cute🥰
I'm from Saigon and traveling to Can Tho but I'm surprised that the Phuc Long staff in Can Tho are much cuter than Saigon, so friendly and welcoming

place: Phúc Long Coffee & Tea
    review:
        Phuong Tran: My visit to Phúc Long Coffee & Tea was accompanied by a slight discomfort due to the high temperature inside the café, compounded by the fact that the price of the coffee was a bit high. Despite the pleasant ambiance and friendly service, the lack of adequate cooling made it a bit challenging to fully enjoy the experience.

As I sipped on my coffee, I couldn't help but notice the warmth in the air, which detracted from the overall comfort of the environment. Additionally, considering the price I paid for my drink, I had hoped for a more premium experience.

While I understand that quality comes at a cost, and that it can be difficult to control temperatures in bustling cafés, I hoped for a cooler atmosphere to fully savor my drink without feeling like I was overpaying for it.
        Angel Parra: If you wanted coffee, this is not your place.
Sugared mixes of creams and foams multicolored with sparkling glitter. All tastes the same bad, and the service is snobby teenagers with masks without social skills. Should change their name to something like the "wannabe highlands".
        To To: Ok
        Chicken Rice Ông Điệp: OK
        Tấn Tiền Triệu: The air is cool, the space is not too noisy.
Small, enthusiastic staff.
It's very chill to sit and watch the car in the rain =)))).
Thank you very much for your staff's service.
        Thuy Dung Nguyen: 👍🏻 Phuc Long is a very famous restaurant in Vietnam with stable quality.
👍🏻 Airy space, modern decoration
👍🏻 The staff here are also pleasant, almost all franchises or agents have more or less complaints about the staff but here I feel okay.
👉🏻 Convenient when you need to buy a lot of things, next to HM, you should buy it and sit down to drink coffee.
        Toan Truong: - Phuc Long is a very famous restaurant in Vietnam! And has stable quality.
- I often go to this place because it's close to home and the open space still has air conditioning.
- The employees here are also pleasant. Most franchises or agents have more or less complaints about their employees, but I feel okay here.
- Convenient when you need to buy a lot of things, next time HM should buy it and sit down to drink coffee.
        Vinh Truong: Location right at the main entrance to Vincom. The space is airy and cool. Comfortable seat position.
The female employee in charge of ordering cold water is so cool. It should be moderate and skillful so that customers feel comfortable when choosing dishes and resizing drinks.
        Thảo Trương: PL Vincom is a place where I find delicious water and very enthusiastic staff
        Trang Tran: Waiting for a drink for a long time even though it's a restaurant with very few people
        Thao Truong Thanh: The siu juice is delicious
        Đạt Nguyễn: Very bad service!
Come in first - get in first and wait 50 minutes
(paid and have bill)

I went in to pay the bill 5-6 bills in advance.  but after 5-6 bills there is still water first!
I know it's crowded today on the weekend!
But there is no way that the bill paid later comes first!
Waited until 45 minutes and saw that a lot of bills had been delivered so I went to ask and was told to wait a little longer!
Haven't received a single word from any of you here!
        Thao Vuthu: Buy size L silver and drink it like condensed milk mixed with water and full milk, don't know what business to do. If you buy a medium size, you can drink a large size, then throw it in the trash and review how to prepare it.
        Lu Key 112: Ok when the space is beautiful and spacious
        Ngoc Thien Vy Lam: delicious
        Trần Hân Hân: I have been to many branches in the Phuc Long system but this is the worst in my opinion. The restaurant space is quite small. Very noisy and cramped.
The staff is arrogant and condescending and bullies customers.
The drinks are not as good as other places, the peach mango tea is indescribable.
Giving 2 stars because the owner has to pay for the premises
        Nameless: Buy milk tea on August 23, 2023 at 9:30 am
The staff is extremely arrogant, their attitude and way of speaking are like giving orders and looking down on customers
The Phuc Long employee I thought was a Hermes employee :))
Traditional milk tea doesn't have pearls, only tea water and the staff doesn't advise customers. Bringing home a cup of tea is worse than a cup of milk tea on the sidewalk.
        Thiên Quốc: Delicious water, cute and enthusiastic staff, cute and handsome manager
        Pho Pham Duy: Easy to find location, enthusiastic service staff.
        NT Đạt: Nice location
        Tri Tran: Fun staff. Dedicated service. Delicious drinking water.
        Hoa Nguyen: Ordered 3 cups of traditional milk tea, 2 cups added flan topping and jelly that none of the cups had, too bad!
        Tiến Đạt Võ: Mr. Qli here is super friendly and dedicated to customers.
        Cong Hoang Thach: Look, the coffee is delicious
        Yên Võ: The person is cheerful, enthusiastic and cute, and the manager is handsome
        Duong Van: Phuc Long is fine, but Vincom doesn't seem to turn on the air conditioner, it's super hot
        Huỳnh Huỳnh Như: Cute staff, enthusiastic service :))))))
        Tiến Đạt Phan: Attentive and enthusiastic staff :)))
        han Vuong: 10 times the same quality water as 1 time
Awesome
        truc ly: The staff and manager are very cute
        Bình Tú: A great place. PL Store No. 1 Can Tho.
        Ân Công Báo: Very good service quality (everything)
        QUI NGUYEN: The location has a view of the road, the shop is quite small
        thinh nghiem: Good location, good space.
        tuan vo: Good
        Thanh Tuan Nguyen: Humanity is so bad, uneducated
        như huỳnh: Good drinking water
        Nguyen Thuan: GOOD SERVICE, DELICIOUS DRINK
        Nguyen Huynh Duong 010057: okay
        Thiên Tú: Awesome cat
        Chang Chang: Very bad
        Minh Thuận Đỗ: Okay
        Han Nguyen: Joyful and happy
        THUẬN LÊ: Good

place: Phúc Hưng Long Coffee
    review:
        Khang Nhựt: Spacious restaurant space, delicious drinks, attentive staff
        vina 3d: Delicious cafe, lunch and breakfast available
        Thanh huynh: Good

place: Phúc Long Hotel
    review:
        Chí Hưởng Nguyễn: Bad room, old furniture and equipment (the air conditioner took almost 30 minutes to start cooling, the hot water heater was shocked when turned on), hidden in an alley but the price was high compared to the surrounding area, not worth the money spent. Overall, a very bad experience, will not come back again next time
        Color Draw: The place is very old, smelly, indescribable. The blankets and mattresses smell bad, the room is moldy. The blankets are old. It looks very dirty, after one night I couldn't sleep. I hope the motel sees this comment, don't look down on customers, when they go on vacation, don't think they won't come back. The staff is unpleasant. What an unstable trip. This is what I'm saying.
        Đình Sang Vũ: Normal, 70k first hour, 20k next hour.
Moldy, mosquitoes.
        Khang Trần: The air conditioner doesn't work, the refrigerator is so smelly there's nothing in it, the sheets are dirty
        Minh Tú Nguyễn: Ok, cheap, clean, quiet area, spacious room
        Ngọc Vinh: Affordable price, room suitable for the price
        GREYCE GORDON: Room is clean. Facilities. Comfortable
        sang la: The room will be airy.
        Hoài Ân Dương: Wifi is too weak
        VÕ MINH PHÚC: Very enthusiastic
        Bắc Giang Honda Bắc Giang: ok clean

